 
S.06.02 – List of assets  
General comments:  
This section relates to the quarterly and annual submission of information for groups.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to Complementary Identification Code (‘CIC’) refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
This template shall reflect the list of all assets included in the Balance–sheet classifiable as asset categories 0 to 9 of 
Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation. In particular in case of securities lending and repurchase agreements 
the underlying securities that are kept in the Balance–sheet shall be reported in this template.  
This template contains an item–by–item list of assets held directly by the group (i.e. not on a look–through basis), 
classifiable as asset categories 0 to 9 (in case of unit–linked and index–linked products managed by the (re)insurance 
undertaking, the assets to be reported are also only the ones covered by asset categories 0 to 9, e.g. recoverables and 
liabilities related to these products shall not be reported), with the following exceptions:  
a) Cash shall be reported in one row per currency, for each combination of items C0060, C0070, C0080, and C0090;  
b) Transferable deposits (cash equivalents) and other deposits with maturity of less than one year shall be reported in 
one row per pair of bank and currency, for each combination of items C0060, C0070, C0080, C0090 and C0290;  
c) Mortgages and loans to individuals, including loans on policies, shall be reported in two rows, one row regarding 
loans to administrative, management and supervisory body, for each combination of items C0060, C0070, C0080, 
C0090 and C0290 and another regarding loans to other natural persons, for each combination of items C0060, 
C0070, C0080, C0090 and C0290;  
d) Deposits to cedants shall be reported in one single line, for each combination of items C0060, C0070, C0080 and 
C0090;  
e) Plant and equipment for the own use of the undertaking shall be reported in one single line, for each combination of 
items C0060, C0070, C0080 and C0090.  
All items shall be reported, except when otherwise stated in these instructions.  
Items C0110, C0120, C0121, C0122, C0130, C0140,, C0190, C0200, C0230, C0270, C0280, C0310, C0370, C0380 
are not applicable to CIC 09 – Other investments.  
This template comprises two tables: Information on positions held and Information on assets.  
On the table Information on positions held, each asset shall be reported separately in as many lines as needed in order 
to properly fill in all non-monetary variables with the exception of item ‘Quantity’, requested in that table. If for the 
same asset two values can be attributed to one variable, then this asset needs to be reported in more than one line.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1183