 
S.26.09.01.02: Stand-alone capital requirements for market and credit risk and supplementing distribution data  
Based on the requirements of Article 228 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, the probability distribution forecast 
underlying the internal model shall assign probabilities to changes in either the amount of basic own funds of the 
insurance or reinsurance undertaking or to other monetary amounts, such as profit and loss, provided that those 
monetary amounts can be used to determine the changes in basic own funds. The exhaustive set of mutually 
exclusive future events, referred to in Article 13(38) of Directive 2009/138/EC, shall contain a sufficient number of 
events to reflect the risk profile of the undertaking.  
In template S.26.09.01.02, internal model users are requested to provide certain basic statistical values from the 
distribution of own funds impacts associated with the ‘probability distribution forecast’ when restricting the events 
to those associated with a certain type of risk only (‘stand-alone risk’ or ‘marginal risk’). For example, the ‘marginal risk’ 
for interest rates would especially cover changes in the level of the interest rate, but, inter alia, the value of equity would  
typically not be changed in the simulations.  
S.26.09.01.02 covers the typical sub-risks of market and credit risk and requires figures in two subsets:  
I. ‘SCR’ like figures taking into account ‘long-term guarantee measures’ similar to the template S.22.01:  
These figures should be associated with the 99,5 % VaR under the risk measure used for the calculation of the 
Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR). Broadly speaking, you are expected to apply your modelled ‘SCR definition’ to 
the basic own funds without eligibility restrictions and without the loss absorbing capacity of deferred taxes. Hence 
requested figure might differ from the 0,5 % sample quantile on the simulated impacts (with negative sign), owing to 
the statistical estimator for the 0,5 percentile (e.g. including any interpolation or smoothing scheme).  
For the purpose of these reporting requirements this value is called the ‘modelled VaR’ (mVaR) for the 99,50 % of 
basic own funds.  
This ‘mVaR 99,50 %’ is requested for the following variations of the ‘long-term guarantee measures’ (LTGM):  
— mVaR 99,50 % including all LTGM you regularly apply  
— mVaR 99,50 % without transitional on technical provisions  
— mVaR 99,50 % without transitional on interest rates  
— mVaR 99,50 % without volatility adjustment (VA) and without transitionals  
— mVaR 99,50 % without matching adjustment (MA) and without all the other LTGMs  
II. Basic statistical data from the ‘marginal distribution’  
From the distribution for the marginal risk under consideration provide the impacts associated with the following 
data. These values should be directly taken from the distribution, i.e. in case the mVaR would be different from the 
99,50 % quantile, please provide the figures without allowing for features from your statistical estimator:  
— Mean  
— Standard deviation  
— Impacts corresponding to the mVaR for the identified quantiles  
S.26.09.01.03: Sensitivities and exposure data  
In template S.26.09.01.03, data is requested which should support the analysis of results and risk profile, namely 
‘sensitivities’ of the own funds and ‘exposure’ information with respect to market and credit risk for financial instru ­
ments.  
S.26.09.01.03 for each of the sub-risks covered by S.26.09.01.02 asks for exposure data in the base case and under 
certain stressed scenarios. Exposure data is the Solvency II value of the following items but only for those entries under 
these items, which are subject to the respective risk:  
— Assets  
— LiabilitiesEN  L 120/948 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023