 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0420/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – SLT health 
lapse risk– risk of decrease in 
lapse  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the risk of a permanent 
decrease in lapse rates, before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0420/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – SLT health 
lapse risk – risk of decrease in 
lapse  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the risk of a permanent decrease 
in lapse rates, before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0420/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – SLT health lapse risk 
–risk of decrease in lapse  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the risk of a permanent 
decrease in lapse rates, after the shock (i.e. permanent decrease in the rates of 
lapse). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0420/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – SLT health lapse 
risk –risk of decrease in lapse  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to the risk of a permanent decrease in lapse rates, 
after the shock (i.e. permanent decrease of the rates of lapse). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0420/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – SLT health lapse 
risk –risk of decrease in lapse  This is the net capital charge for the risk of a permanent decrease in lapse rates, 
after adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0050/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for a permanent 
decrease in SLT health rates referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, calculated using simplified calculation for 
SLT health lapse rate.  
R0420/C0070  Absolute value after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – SLT health lapse 
risk –risk of decrease in lapse  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to the risk of a permanent decrease in lapse rates, 
after the shock (permanent decrease in lapse rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0420/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – SLT health lapse 
risk – risk of decrease in lapse  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss absorbing capacity for technical 
provisions) for the risk of a permanent decrease in lapse rates. 
If R0050/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for a permanent 
decrease in SLT health rates referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, calculated using simplified calculation for SLT health 
lapse rate.EN  L 120/922 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023