 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050/R0060  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Eligible 
own funds to meet SCR– 
Tier 1  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 due to the 
application of the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term 
structure. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated 
considering the technical provisions without transitional adjustment to the relevant 
risk-free interest rate term structure and the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 
calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0020.  
C0060/R0060  Without volatility 
adjustment and without 
other transitional 
measures – Eligible own 
funds to meet SCR–Tier 1  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustments due to the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions, the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure and the volatility adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the 
matching adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0060  Impact of volatility 
adjustment set to zero – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR–Tier 1  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 due to the 
application of the volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the vola ­
tility adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated 
considering the technical provisions without volatility adjustment and without other 
transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated with 
the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0060  Without matching 
adjustment and without 
all the others – Eligible 
own funds to meet SCR– 
Tier 1  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated considering 
technical provisions without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0060  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR–Tier 1  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 due to the 
application of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the 
volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated 
considering the technical provisions without matching adjustment and without all the 
other transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated 
with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0060  Impact of all LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Eligible own 
funds to meet SCR–Tier 1  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 due to the 
application of the LTG measures and transitionals.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1253