 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050  Asset ID Code Type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Asset ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO/6166 for ISIN 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies and the code in C0040 is defined by Asset ID code 
and the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, the Asset ID Code Type shall 
refer to option 99 and the option of the original Asset ID Code, as in the 
following example for which the code reported was ISIN code + currency: ‘99/1’.  
C0060  Name of the counterparty 
pledging the collateral  The name of the counterpart that is pledging the collateral. When available, this 
item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. When this is not 
available corresponds to the legal name. 
When the assets on the balance sheet for which the collateral is held are loans on 
policies, ‘Policyholder’ shall be reported.  
C0070  Name of the group of the 
counterparty pledging the 
collateral  Identify the economic group of the counterpart pledging the collateral. When 
available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. When 
this is not available corresponds to the legal name. 
This item is not applicable when the assets on the balance sheet for which the 
collateral is held are loans on policies.  
C0080  Country of custody  ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the country where undertaking assets are held in 
custody. For identifying international custodians, such as Euroclear, the country of 
custody will be the one where the custody service was contractually defined. 
In case of the same asset being held in custody in more than one country, each 
asset shall be reported separately in as many rows as needed in order to properly 
identify all countries of custody. 
This item is not applicable for collateral with CIC category 8 – Mortgages and 
Loans, CIC 71, CIC 75 and for CIC 95 – Plant and equipment. 
Regarding CIC Category 9, excluding CIC 95 – Plant and equipment (for own use), 
the issuer country is assessed by the address of the property.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/701