 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0100–R0210/ 
C0050  Standard deviation for reserve 
risk – USP  This is the undertaking specific standard deviation for reserve risk each segment as 
calculated by the undertaking and approved or prescribed by the supervisory 
authority. 
This item is not reported where no undertaking specific parameter is used.  
R0100–R0210/ 
C0060  Volume measure for premium 
and reserve risk – volume 
measure for premium risk: 
Vprem  The volume measure for premium risk for each line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0100–R0210/ 
C0070  Volume measure for premium 
and reserve risk –Volume 
measure reserve risk: Vres  The volume measure for reserve risk for each segment, equal to the best estimate 
for the provisions for claims outstanding for the segment, after deduction of the 
amount recoverable from reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles.  
R0100–R0210/ 
C0080  Volume measure for premium 
and reserve risk – 
Geographical 
Diversification —  Geographical diversification used for the volume measure for each segment. 
If the factor for geographical diversification is not calculated, then this item is set 
to the default value of 1.  
R0100–R0210/ 
C0090  Volume measure for premium 
and reserve risk – V  The volume measure for non – life premium and reserve risk for each segment 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, this item shall represent the capital requirement for non – 
life premium and reserve risk of particular segment calculated using simplifi ­
cations.  
R0220/C0090  Total Volume measure for 
premium and reserve risk  The total volume measure for premium and reserve risk, equal to the sum of the 
volume measures for premium and reserve risk for all segments.  
R0230/C0020  Combined standard deviation  This is the combined standard deviation for premium and reserve risk for all 
segments.  
R0300/C0100  Total solvency capital 
requirement for non – life 
premium and reserve risk  This is the total solvency capital charge for the non–life premium and reserve risk 
sub module.  
Non–life lapse risk  
R0400/C0110  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Non–life 
underwriting risk – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the non–life lapse risk, before 
the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0400/C0120  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Non–life 
underwriting risk – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the non–life lapse risk, before 
the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/931