 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0790  Derivatives  A financial instrument or other contract with all three of the following char ­
acteristics: 
(a) Its value changes in response to the change in a specified interest rate, 
financial instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index of 
prices or rates, credit rating or credit index, or other variable, provided in the 
case of a non–financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to 
the contract (sometimes called the ‘underlying’). 
(b) It requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller 
than would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to 
have a similar response to changes in market factors. 
(c) It is settled at a future date. 
Only derivative liabilities shall be reported on this row (i.e. derivatives with 
negative values as of the reporting date.) Derivatives assets shall be reported 
under C0010–C0020/R0190. 
Undertakings which do not value derivatives in their Local GAAP do not need to 
provide a financial statements value.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0800  Debts owed to credit institu ­
tions  Debts, such as mortgage and loans, owed to credit institutions, excluding bonds 
held by credit institutions (it is not possible for the undertaking to identify all the 
holders of the bonds that it issues) and subordinated liabilities. It This shall also 
include bank overdrafts.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0810  Financial liabilities other than 
debts owed to credit institu ­
tions  Financial liabilities including bonds issued by undertaking (held by credit insti ­
tutions or not), structured notes issued by the undertaking itself and mortgage and 
loans due to other entities than credit institutions. 
Subordinated liabilities shall not be included here.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0820  Insurance and intermediaries 
payables  Amounts payable to policyholders, insurers and other business linked to insurance 
that are not included in technical provisions. 
Includes amounts payable to (re)insurance intermediaries (e.g. commissions due to 
intermediaries but not yet paid by the undertaking). 
Excludes loans & mortgages due to other insurance companies, if they only relate 
to financing and are not linked to insurance business (such loans and mortgages 
shall be reported as financial liabilities). 
It shall include payables from reinsurance accepted.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0830  Reinsurance payables  Amounts payable to reinsurers (in particular current accounts) other than deposits 
linked to reinsurance business that are not included in reinsurance recoverables, 
including payables from the undertaking to reinsurers in relation to other than 
insurance events. 
Includes payables to reinsurers that relate to ceded premiums. 
For the ‘Solvency II value’ column (C0010) this cell shall include all expected 
payments (due and past-due) from the undertaking to reinsurers that are not 
included in reinsurance recoverables. These should not be included in the item  
"any other liabilities not elsewhere shown ".EN  L 120/630 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023