 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0540/C0100  Capital requirement for 
non–controlled participa ­
tions  Amount of the proportional share of the Solvency Capital Requirements of the 
related insurance and reinsurance undertakings and insurance holding companies 
or mixed financial holding companies which are not subsidiaries, in accordance 
with Article 336(1)(b) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. This item is only 
applicable to group reporting and corresponds, for those entities which are not 
subsidiaries, to the capital requirement calculated in accordance with Solvency 2.  
R0550/C0100  Capital requirement for 
residual undertakings  Amount determined in accordance with Article 336(1)(d) of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
R0555/C0100  Capital requirement for 
collective investment 
undertakings or 
investments packaged as 
funds  Amount determined in accordance with Article 336(1)(e) of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
R0560/C0100  SCR for undertakings 
included via D&A 
method  Amount of the Solvency Capital Requirement for undertakings included under 
method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC when the 
combination of methods is used.  
R0570/C0100  Total group Solvency 
capital requirement  Overall SCR for all undertakings regardless of the method used. 
The total group solvency capital requirement is expected to be equal to the sum of 
R0220 and R0560. 
In case the minimum consolidated group SCR (R0470) is higher than the 
Consolidated group SCR (R0220), then the total group solvency capital requirement 
is expected to be equal to the sum of R0470 and R0560.  
S.25.05 – Solvency Capital Requirement – for groups using an internal model (partial or full)  
General comments:  
This Annex contains additional instructions in relation to the templates included in Annex I of this Regulation. The first 
column of the next table identifies the items to be reported by identifying the columns and lines as showed in the 
template in Annex I.  
This annex relates to opening and annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced-funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and groups.  
The purpose of this template is to collect data on an aggregate level and show diversification benefits between separate 
risk modules. All values should be reported before any tax effects unless otherwise stated.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1335