 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Calculation may be as follows: 
— Identify the part of claims provisions at year-end (N) related to risks covered 
during the period. 
— Identify the part of premiums provisions at year-end (N – 1) related to risks 
covered during the period. 
Derive the variation from the two figures.  
C0040/R0120  Variation of Technical 
Provisions as a whole  Part of TP calculated as a whole corresponding to risks covered during period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0050.  
C0040/R0130  Net variation for index-linked 
and unit-linked business  This cell is deemed not applicable for Non–Life 
See instructions on C0010/R0060.  
C0040/R0140  Total  Total changes related to risks covered during period, gross of reinsurance.  
Risks covered 
prior to period  
C0050/R0080  Written premiums  Corresponds to part of written premiums related to risks covered prior to the 
period, i.e. earned premiums under Solvency II principles (when the premium is 
only due after the coverage period). 
In addition, allocation keys may be used to identify this part of the premiums.  
C0050/R0090  Claims and benefits – net of 
salvages and subrogations 
recovered  Corresponds to part of claims and benefits, net of salvages and subrogations 
related to risks covered prior to the period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0020.  
C0050/R0100  Expenses (related to insurance 
and reinsurance obligations)  Part of the expenses during the period that corresponds to risks covered prior to 
the period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0030.  
C0050/R0110  Variation of Best Estimate  For risks covered prior to period corresponds to year N projected in and out 
technical flows for risks accepted prior to period. For risks covered prior to the 
period this variation of BE shall correspond to the sum of cells R0210/C0050- 
C0060 to R0250/C0050 –C0060 from template S.29.03 if the analysis in S.29.03 
is performed on a line of business basis.EN  L 120/1062 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023