 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0080  Indirect transactions  If reported intragroup transaction is part of an indirect transaction (cf. General comments 
supra), report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the related transaction in this cell. 
If more than two transactions are related, the ID code of the first related transaction needs to 
be reported as a reference to link all interconnected transactions. 
If the reported intragroup transaction is not part of an indirect transaction, indicate No.  
C0090  Single economic oper ­
ation  If the reported intragroup transaction is part of single economic operation (cf. General 
comments supra), report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the related transaction 
in this cell. If more than two transactions are related, the ID code of the first related trans ­
action needs to be reported as a reference to link all interconnected transactions. 
If the reported intragroup transaction is not part of single economic operation, indicate No  
C0100  Type of transaction  Identify the type of contract/treaty. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – insurance 
2 – reinsurance  
C0110  Transaction  If C0100 = reinsurance, then identify the type of reinsurance contract/treaty. The following 
closed list shall be used: 
1 – quota share 
2 – variable quota share 
3 – surplus 
4 – excess of loss (per event and per risk) 
5 – excess of loss (per risk) 
6 – excess of loss (per event) 
7 – excess of loss ‘back-up’ (protection against follow-on events which certain catastrophes 
can cause such as flooding or fire) 
8 – excess of loss with basis risk 
9 – reinstatement cover 
10 – aggregate excess of loss 
11 – unlimited excess of loss 
12 – stop loss 
13 – other proportional treatiesEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1569