 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is 
not applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0020  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own funds  Amount of the adjustment to the basic own funds due to the application of the 
transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the basic own funds calculated considering the 
technical provisions without transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free 
interest rate term structure and the basic own funds calculated with the 
technical provisions reported under C0020.  
C0060/R0020  Without volatility adjustment 
and without other transitional 
measures – Basic own funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions 
without the adjustments due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, 
the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and 
the volatility adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the matching 
adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0020  Impact of volatility adjustment 
set to zero – Basic own funds  Amount of the adjustment to the Basic own funds due to the application of the 
volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the volatility adjustment 
to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the basic own funds calculated considering the 
technical provisions without volatility adjustment and without other transitional 
measures and the basic own funds calculated with the technical provisions 
reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0020  Without matching adjustment 
and without all the others – 
Basic own funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions 
without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0020  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – Basic 
own funds  Amount of the adjustment to the basic own funds due to the application of the 
matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the volatility 
adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the basic own funds calculated considering the 
technical provisions without matching adjustment and without all the other tran ­
sitional measures and the basic own funds calculated with the technical provisions 
reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0020  Impact of all LTG measures 
and transitionals – Basic own 
funds  Amount of the adjustment to the basic own funds due to the application of the 
LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0030  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Basic own 
funds – Excess of assets over 
liabilities  Total amount of excess of assets over liabilities calculated considering technical 
provisions including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures 
and transitional measures.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/787