 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 
calculated considering the technical provisions without volatility adjustment and 
without other transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 
3 calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0080  Without matching adjustment 
and without all the others – 
Eligible own funds to meet 
Solvency Capital Requirement 
–Tier 3  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 calculated considering 
technical provisions without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0080  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Eligible own funds to meet 
Solvency Capital Requirement 
–Tier 3  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 due to 
the application of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting 
the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 
calculated considering the technical provisions without matching adjustment and 
without all the other transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet 
SCR–Tier 3 calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0080  Impact of all LTG measures 
and transitionals – Eligible 
own funds to meet Solvency 
Capital Requirement –Tier 3  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 due to 
the application of the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0090  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Solvency 
Capital Requirement  Total amount of SCR calculated considering technical provisions including the 
adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures and transitional measures  
C0020/R0090  Without transitional on 
technical provisions –Solvency 
Capital Requirement  Total amount of SCR calculated considering technical provisions without the 
adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, but 
keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching 
adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0090  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Solvency Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the transitional 
deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the SCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without transitional deduction to technical provisions and the SCR 
calculated with the technical provisions with LTG and transitional measures.  
C0040/R0090  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Total amount of SCR calculated considering technical provisions without the 
adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest 
rate term structure, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment 
and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is 
not applicable report the same amount as in C0020.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/797