 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0500/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Life – expense risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to life – expense risk, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0500/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Life – expense risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to life –expense risk, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0500/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Life – 
expense risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to life expense risk, after the 
shock (i.e. shock as prescribed by standard formula: a 10 % increase the amount 
of expenses taken into account in the calculation of technical provisions and 
increase in 1 percentage point to the expense inflation rate (expressed as a 
percentage) used for the calculation of technical provision). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0500/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Life – 
expense risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to expense risk, after the shock (i.e. a shock. as 
prescribed by standard formula, refer to description provided within definition to 
cell R0500/C0040). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0500/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – Life 
expense risk  This is the net capital charge for expense risk, including adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0050 = 1, this cell represents net capital charge for life expense risk calculated 
using simplified calculation.  
R0500/C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss–absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Life – 
expense risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to expense risk, after the shock (i.e. shock as 
prescribed by standard formula, refer to description provided within definition 
to cell R0500/C0040). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.EN  L 120/1384 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023