 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
NC0190  Amount of dividends/in ­
terest/coupon and other 
payments made during 
reporting period  This cell shall capture any payments made in relation to the intragroup transaction s 
recorded in this template for the reporting period (6 months up to the reporting date). 
This includes, but not limited to: 
— Dividends for the current year including paid or declared but unpaid dividends. 
— Any deferred dividends from previous years paid during the reporting period (i.e. any 
deferred dividends paid that impacted the P&L for the reporting period). 
— Interest payments made in relation to debt instruments. 
— Any other payments made in relation to the intragroup transaction s that are reported in 
this template, e.g. charges on asset transfers. 
— Amount of total tops-ups if applicable, i.e. total additional money invested during the 
reporting period such as an additional payments on partly paid shares or increasing loan 
amount during the period (when reporting tops-ups as a separate item). 
This amount shall be reported in the reporting currency of the group.  
C0200  Coupon/Interest rate  The interest or coupon rate as a percentage, if applicable. For variable interest rate, this shall 
include the reference rate and the interest rate above it.  
C0210  Comments  Comments shall contain: 
— a notification if the transaction has not been performed at arm’s length 
— any other relevant information regarding the economic nature of the operation  
S.36.02 – IGT – Derivatives  
General comments:  
This template relates to the information groups are requested to provide at least annually.  
This template shall report all (significant, very significant and transactions required to be reported in all circumstances) 
intra-group transactions between entities in scope of group supervision related to derivatives. Significant intra-group 
transactions related to derivatives shall be reported where the carrying amount of the derivative exceeds the threshold. 
These include, but are not limited to:  
— Interest rate contracts, including swaps, forward agreements, futures and options;  
— Foreign exchange contracts, including swaps, forward agreements, futures and options;  
— Contracts of a nature similar to those in points 1(a) to (e) and 2(a) to (d) of this Annex concerning other reference 
items or indices.  
This template shall include intragroup transactions that were:  
— in-force at the start of the reporting period.  
— incepted during the reporting period and outstanding at the reporting date.  
— incepted and expired/matured during the reporting period.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1555