 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0200/C0070  Absolute value after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Health longevity 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to health longevity risk, after the shock (permanent 
decrease in mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0200/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Health longevity 
risk  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for health longevity risk. 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for health longevity 
risk calculated using simplifications.  
R0300/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement –Health disability 
– morbidity risk  This is the net capital charge for health disability – morbidity risk, after 
adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0300/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Health disability 
– morbidity risk  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for health disability – morbidity risk.  
R0310/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement –Health disability 
– morbidity risk – Medical 
expense  This is the net capital charge for health disability – morbidity risk – Medical 
expense, after adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0030/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for health disability – 
morbidity risk – Medical expense calculated using simplifications.  
R0310/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Health disability 
– morbidity risk – Medical 
expense  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for health disability – morbidity risk – Medical expense. 
If R0030/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for health disability 
– morbidity risk – Medical expense calculated using simplifications.  
R0320/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Health 
disability – morbidity risk – 
Medical expense – increase of 
medical payments  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to health disability – morbidity 
risk – Medical expense charge due to an increase of medical payments, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell. 
If R0030/C0010 = 1, this row shall not be filled in.  
R0320/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Health 
disability – morbidity risk – 
Medical expense – increase of 
medical payments  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to health disability – morbidity risk 
– Medical expense charge due to an increase of medical payments, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables. 
If R0030/C0010 = 1, this row shall not be filled in.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/917