 
Captive insurance and reinsurance undertakings complying with the conditions specified in Article 4(4) and (5) shall 
only report tables corresponding to R0001 and R002/C0001 and R0010/C0010 to R0340/C0030.  
Template SR.27.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
This template is designed to allow an understanding of how the catastrophe risk module of the SCR has been calculated 
and what are the main drivers.  
For every type of catastrophe risk the risk mitigating effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special 
purpose vehicles must be determined. This calculation is prospective and must be based on the reinsurance program of 
the next reporting year as described in the reinsurance templates for Facultative covers (S.30.01 and S.30.02) and 
Outgoing reinsurance program in the next reporting year (S.30.03 and S.30.04).  
Undertakings need to estimate their recoveries from risk mitigation in line with the Directive 2009/138/EC, Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 and any relevant technical standard. Undertakings shall complete the catastrophe reporting 
template only to the granularity required to perform this calculation.  
Under the non–life and health underwriting risk modules, catastrophe risk is defined as the risk of loss, or of adverse 
change in the value of insurance liabilities, resulting from significant uncertainty of pricing and provisioning 
assumptions related to extreme or exceptional events as set out in Article 105(2)(b) and (4)(c) of the Directive 
2009/138/EC.  
The reported capital requirements reflects the capital requirements before and after risk mitigation which is the risk 
mitigating effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles. The reported capital 
requirement after risk mitigation is before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. The default value of the 
risk mitigation shall be reported as a positive value in order to be deducted.  
In case the diversification effect reduces the capital requirement the default value of the diversification shall be reported 
as a negative value.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other 
templates.  
R0001/C0001  Simplifications used – fire risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of fire 
risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications for the purposes of Article 90c 
9 – Simplifications not used 
If R0001/C0001 = 1, only C0880 shall be filled in for R2600.EN  L 120/990 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023