 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050/R0300  Net Written Premiums  The total of the net written premiums for catastrophe risk shall be reported for 
the products of the life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk 
category.  
C0060/R0300  Sum insured  The total sum insured for catastrophe risk shall be reported for the products of 
the life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0070/R0280- 
R0300  Solvency Capital Requirements  The SCR for the relevant risk category, net of reinsurance. 
For the aggregate risks, the net SCR after aggregation over the underlying 
submodules should be reported.  
C0080/R0280- 
R0300  Mean  The mean of the probability distribution of the SCR  
C0090/R0280- 
R0300  Standard deviation  The Standard deviation of the probability distribution of the net SCR  
C0100- 
C0310/R0280- 
R0300  Percentiles from 0.001 to 
0.999  It is expected that the insurance and reinsurance undertakings indicate the 
amounts of the percentiles required in the table related to the probability 
distribution obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and 
on discounted basis).  
OPTION 1 – HEALTH RISK  
Z0010  Type of Health risk modelled 
in Life & Health?  In the closed list there are 3 options: 
SLT, NSLT and SLT + NSLT  
C0010/R0310, 
R0360, R0560 
C0030- 
C0040/R0410- 
R0460  Net Best Estimate 
liability + Technical provisions 
calculated as a whole  Best estimate shall be reported net of reinsurance and refers to the products of the 
health insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category. TPs 
calculated as a whole should be taken in as well. 
The split for disability-morbidity risk aggregate refers to annuities paid out (‘APO’) 
or not (‘ANPO’).  
C0050/R0310, 
R0360, 
R0410-R0460, 
R0560  Net Written Premiums  The total of the net written premiums shall be reported for the products of the 
health insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0060/R0310, 
R0360, 
R0410-R0460, 
R0560  Sum insured  The total sum insured shall be reported for the products of the health insurance 
portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0070/R0310- 
R0570  Solvency Capital Requirements  The SCR for the relevant risk category, net of reinsurance. 
The following explanations apply for C0070 – C0260: 
For the aggregate risks, the SCR after aggregation over the underlying submodules 
should be reported.EN  L 120/980 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023