 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R1600/C0270  Diversification within 
health underwriting risk 
module – Net  This is the diversification effect within the health underwriting risk sub–module as 
a result of the aggregation of the capital requirements SLT health underwriting 
risk sub–module, NSLT health underwriting risk sub–module and health catas ­
trophe risk sub–module, referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, calculated after loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provision.  
R1600/C0280  Diversification within 
health underwriting risk 
module – Gross  This is the diversification effect within the health underwriting risk sub–module as 
a result of the aggregation of the capital requirements SLT health underwriting 
risk sub–module, NSLT health underwriting risk sub–module and health catas ­
trophe risk sub–module, referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, calculated before loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions.  
R1700/C0270  Total net solvency capital 
requirement for health 
underwriting risk  This is the total net solvency capital requirement for the health underwriting risk 
module.  
R1700/C0280  Total gross solvency 
capital requirement for 
health underwriting risk  This is the total gross solvency capital requirement for the health underwriting 
risk module.  
S.26.05 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Non–Life underwriting risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.05 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
Template SR.26.05 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a), (b) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
All values shall be reported net of reinsurance and other risk mitigating techniques.EN  L 120/1406 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023