 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Allocation keys may be used to identify this part of the total claims, as long as 
this reconciles at the end to total claims and benefits net of salvages and 
subrogations as reported in C0100/R0320 from S.29.03 and C0110/R0320 
from S.29.03.  
C0010/R0030  Expenses (related to insurance 
and reinsurance obligations)  Part of the expenses during the period that corresponds to risks accepted during 
the period. 
Allocation keys may be used to identify this part of the total expenses, as long as 
this reconciles at the end to total expenses as reported in C0100/R0330 from 
template S.29.03 plus C0110/R0330 from template S.29.03.  
C0010/R0040  Variation of Best Estimate  Corresponds to the variation of Best Estimate for risk accepted during the period.  
C0010/R0050  Variation of Technical 
Provisions as a whole  Part of TP calculated as a whole corresponding to risks accepted during period. 
Allocation keys may be used to identify this part of the total variation of TP 
calculated as a whole, as long as this reconciles at the end to total.  
C0010/R0060  Net variation for index-linked 
and unit-linked business  Amount shall represent the net variation, in Balance Sheet, of the Assets held for 
index–linked and unit–linked funds and of technical provisions – index-linked and 
unit-linked (calculated as best estimate and risk margin or calculate as a whole).  
C0010/R0070  Total  Total impact from risks accepted during period – gross of reinsurance).  
Risks accepted 
prior to period  
C0020/R0010  Written premiums on contract 
underwritten during period  Part of the written premiums during the period that corresponds to contracts 
underwritten prior to period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0010.  
C0020/R0020  Claims and benefits – net of 
salvages and subrogations 
recovered  Part of the claims and benefits, net of salvages and subrogations during the period 
that corresponds to risks accepted prior to period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0020.  
C0020/R0030  Expenses (related to insurance 
and reinsurance obligations)  Part of the expenses during the period that corresponds to risks accepted prior to 
period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0030.  
C0020/R0040  Variation of BE  Variation of BE due to year N projected in and out flows – risks accepted prior to 
period (gross of reinsurance) 
Total for all reported line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35, shall correspond to the sum of cells C0010/R0060 to 
C0010/R0100 from template S.29.03 and C0020/R0060 to C0020/R0100 
from template S.29.03.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1059