 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070  Counterparty Name  Name of the counterparty of the contract. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. When not 
available, corresponds to the legal name.  
C0080  Counterparty code  Identification code of the counterparty using the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) if available. 
If none is available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0090  Type of counterparty 
code  Identification of the code used for the ‘Counterparty Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
9 – None  
C0100  Counterparty asset 
category  Identify the most significant asset category borrowed/received as part of a securities lending 
transactions or repurchase agreements. 
Use the asset categories defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation.  
C0110  Asset held in unit–linked 
and index–linked 
contracts  Identify if the underlying asset identified in C0060 is held by unit linked and index linked 
contracts. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Unit–linked or index–linked 
2 – Neither unit–linked nor index–linked  
C0120  Position in the contract  Identify whether the undertaking is a buyer or seller in the repo or a lender or borrower in 
the securities lending. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Buyer in a repo 
2 – Seller in a repo 
3 – Lender in a securities lending 
4 – Borrower in a securities lending  
C0130  Near leg amount  Represents the following amounts: 
— Buyer in a repo: amount received at the contract inception 
— Seller in a repo: amount ceded at the contract inception 
— Lender in a securities lending: amount received as guarantee at the contract inception 
— Borrower in a securities lending: amount or market value of the securities received at the 
contract inceptionEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1231