 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0077  Expected future commissions  Total future commissions for all contracts in force at the valuation date expected 
for the future as projected in the Best Estimate calculation. 
Projected future commissions should be the present value (reflecting the total 
volume of future commissions for the expected duration of the contract). For 
the definition of commissions please confer C0071. 
The commissions should only be recognised in the contract boundaries. 
As the calculation of technical provisions is only required on the level of HRG, 
approximations can be applied for the breakdown of the provisions by product. 
Not applicable for annuities stemming from non-life contracts.  
C0180  Best Estimate and Technical 
Provisions as a whole  Amount of gross best estimate and Technical Provisions as a whole calculated by 
product. 
As the calculation of technical provisions is only required on the level of HRG, 
approximations can be applied for the breakdown of the provisions by product.  
C0190  Capital–at–risk  The capital at risk, as defined in the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
As the calculation of technical provisions is only required on the level of HRG, 
approximations can be applied for the breakdown of the provisions by product. 
For annuities stemming from non–life contracts this cell shall be filled in with 
zero unless the annuities have positive risk.  
C0200  Surrender value  Surrender value (where available), as mentioned in Article 185(3)(f) of Directive 
2009/138/EC, net of taxes: amount to be paid to the policyholder in case of early 
termination of the contract (i.e. before it becomes payable by maturity or 
occurrence of the insured event, such as death), net of charges and policy 
loans; does not concern contracts without options, given that surrender value is 
an option. 
Not applicable for annuities stemming from non-life contracts.  
C0260  Guaranteed rate – Annualised 
guaranteed rate (over average 
duration of guarantee)  Average guaranteed yearly interest rate to the policy holder over the remaining life 
time of the contract expressed as a percentage. 
Where no guaranteed interest rate is implicitly or explicitly provided in the 
contract, the cell should be left blank, where a guaranteed interest rate is implicitly 
or explicitly provided, this should be reported accordingly (e.g. ‘0 %’). 
Applicable where an average guaranteed interest rate is explicitly provided in the 
contract or where an alternative financial guarantee is implicitly provided, e.g. in 
form of a guaranteed sum assured, a guaranteed return of premiums or a guar ­
anteed annuity benefit. 
Where no yearly interest rate guarantee is prescribed explicitly in the contract, the 
implied (yearly) guaranteed rate from the valuation date to the expected end of the 
guarantee should be reported. 
Not applicable for annuities stemming from non-life contracts.EN  L 120/734 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023