 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
(17) First Response (costs incurred in responding quickly to attacks to restore 
service) 
(18) Event management (all activities needed to restore normal activities) 
(19) Communication Costs (big data breaches may require mass communication 
of the outcomes of the breach) 
(20) Credit/Identity monitoring (ensure the restoration/block of credit or identity 
data collected from customers/employees, etc.) 
(21) Criminal Reward Fund (contribution to government funds established to 
cover cyber liabilities towards third parties) 
(22) Contingent business interruption 
(23) Financial Fraud 
(24) Other 
More than one options may be reported.  
C0070  Other risk detailed description  A detailed description of the risks if other risk is chosen.  
C0080  Sum(s) insured  Amount of the total sum(s) insured for the reported Product Identification.  
C0090  Premium(s)  Amount of the total premium(s) earned for the reported product Identification.  
C0100  Sum(s) reinsured  Amount of the total sum(s) ceded to reinsurance undertakings for the reported 
product Identification.  
C0110  Number of Claims settled with 
Payment  Number of Claims, for the relevant product category, that have been settled with 
payment during the reporting year.  
C0120  Amount of Claims Paid  Amount of claims paid, for the relevant product Identification, for claims that 
have been settled with payment during the reporting year.  
C0130  Number of Claims settled 
without payment  Number of Claims, for the relevant product Identification, that have been settled 
without payment during the reporting year.  
C0140  Technical Provisions  Amount of technical provisions, for the relevant product Identification.  
S.16.01 – Information on annuities stemming from Non–Life Insurance obligations  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual undertakings.  
This template shall not be reported for accepted reinsurance business.  
This template shall be reported only for annuities formally settled stemming from non–life contracts and relating to 
health insurance obligations and relating to insurance obligations other than health insurance obligations.  
Formally settled as an annuity means that a legal process has ordered that the beneficiary is to receive payments as an 
annuity.  
In the event that after an obligation has been formally settled as an annuity some of that obligation subsequently ends 
up being settled via a lump sum payment that was not in the original annuity payment order, that lump sum would be 
recorded as a payment in template S.16.01; i.e. there is no movement of claims data out of template S.16.01 and into 
S.19.01.EN  L 120/744 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023