 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0140  Other recourse arising from 
securitisation  The amount of contingent assets of the SPV (held off balance sheet), not directly 
related to the reporting cedant but for which recourse exists. This includes 
recourse against other counterparties of the SPV, including guarantees, reinsurance 
contracts and derivative commitments to SPV made by the SPV sponsor, note 
holders, or other third parties.  
C0150  Total maximum possible 
obligations from SPV under 
reinsurance policy  Amount of total maximum possible obligations from reinsurance contract 
(cedant–specific).  
C0160  SPV fully funded in relation to 
cedant obligations throughout 
the reporting period  Identify if the protection offered by the risk–mitigation technique may only be 
partially recognised where counterparty to a reinsurance contract ceases to be able 
to provide effective and continuing risk–transfer. The following closed list shall be 
used: 
1 – SPV fully funded in relation to cedant obligations 
2 – SPV not fully funded in relation to cedant obligations  
C0170  Current recoverables from SPV  Amount of SPV Recoverables recognised on the Solvency II balance sheet of the 
reporting undertaking (prior to adjustments made for expected losses due to 
counterparty default). This shall be calculated in accordance with the requirements 
of Article 41of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0180  Identification of material 
investments held by cedant in 
SPV  Identify whether material investments held by the cedant in the SPV exist, 
according to Article 210 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
1 – Not applicable 
2 – Investments of SPV controlled by cedant and/or sponsor (where it differs from 
cedant); 
3 – Investments of SPV held by cedant (equity, notes or other subordinated debt 
of the SPV); 
4 – Cedant sells reinsurance or other risk mitigation protection to the SPV; 
5 – Cedant has provided guarantee or other credit enhancement to SPV or note 
holders; 
6 – Sufficient basis risk retained by cedant; 
9 – Other. 
If this is reported then cells C0030 and C0040 needs to identify the instrument.  
C0190  Securitisation assets related to 
cedant held in trust with other 
third party than cedant/ 
sponsor?  Identify if there are securitisation assets related to cedant held in trust with other 
third party than cedant/sponsor, considering the provisions of Articles 214(2) and 
326 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. One of the options in the following 
closed list shall be used: 
1 – Held in trust with other third party than cedant/sponsor 
2 – Not held in trust with other third party than cedant/sponsor  
Information on 
SPVEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1093