 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0280/C0010  Total deductions – total  This is the total amount of deductions not included in the reconciliation reserves.  
R0280/C0020  Total deductions – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the amount of deductions from tier 1 unrestricted not included in the 
reconciliation reserves.  
R0280/C0030  Total deductions – tier 1 
restricted  This is the amount of deductions from tier 1 restricted not included in the recon ­
ciliation reserves.  
R0280/C0040  Total deductions – tier 2  This is the amount of deductions from tier 2 not included in the reconciliation 
reserves.  
R0280/C0050  Total deductions – tier 3  This is the amount of deductions from tier 3 not included in the reconciliation 
reserves.  
Total basic own funds after deductions  
R0290/C0010  Total basic own funds after 
deductions  This is the total amount of basic own fund items after deductions.  
R0290/C0020  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the amount of basic own fund items after deductions that meet the criteria 
for Tier 1 unrestricted items.  
R0290/C0030  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – tier 1 restricted  This is the amount of basic own fund items after deductions that meet the criteria 
for Tier 1 restricted items.  
R0290/C0040  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – tier 2  This is the amount of basic own fund items after deductions that meet the criteria 
for Tier 2.  
R0290/C0050  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – tier 3  This is the amount of basic own fund items after deductions that meet the criteria 
for Tier 3.  
Ancillary own funds  
R0300/C0010  Unpaid and uncalled 
ordinary share capital 
callable on demand – total  This is the total amount of issued ordinary share capital that has not been called up 
or paid up but that is callable on demand.  
R0300/C0040  Unpaid and uncalled 
ordinary share capital 
callable on demand – tier 2  This is the amount of issued ordinary share capital that has not been called up or 
paid up but that is callable on demand that meets the criteria for Tier 2.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1271