 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
— For those assets acquired during the reporting period and still held at the end 
of the reporting period, the difference between the closing Solvency II value 
and the acquisition cost/value. 
It shall include amounts relative to derivatives regardless of derivatives being an 
asset or a liability. 
It shall not include amounts reported in ‘Investment revenues – R0040’ and 
‘Investments expenses including Interest charges on subordinated and financial 
liabilities – R0050’.  
C0010/R0020  Valuation movements on own 
shares  Same as for cell C0010/R0010, but for own shares.  
C0010/R0030  Valuation movements on 
financial liabilities and 
subordinated liabilities  Valuation movements on financial liabilities and subordinated liabilities, including: 
— For those financial and subordinated liabilities issued prior to the reporting 
period and not redeemed, the difference between Solvency II values at the end 
of the reporting period (N) and at the beginning of the reporting period (N–1); 
— For those financial and subordinated liabilities redeemed during the reporting 
period, the difference between the redemption price and the Solvency II value 
as at the end of the last reporting period; 
— For those financial and subordinated liabilities issued during the reporting 
period and not redeemed during the period, the difference between the 
closing Solvency II value and issuance price.  
C0010/R0040  Investment Revenues  Includes dividends, interests, rents and other revenues, due to investments within 
scope of this template.  
C0010/R0050  Investments expenses 
including interest charges on 
subordinated and financial 
liabilities  Investments expenses including interest charges on subordinated and financial 
liabilities, including: 
— Investment management expenses – related to ‘Investments’ and to ‘Own 
shares’; 
— Interest charges on financial and subordinated liabilities related to ‘Financial 
liabilities other than debts owed to credit institutions’ as well as ‘Debts owed 
to credit institutions’ and ‘Subordinated liabilities’. 
Those expenses and charges correspond to the ones recorded and recognised on 
an accrual basis at the end of the period.  
C0010/R0060  Variation in Excess of Assets 
over Liabilities explained by 
investments and financial 
liabilities management  Total of variation in Excess of Assets over Liabilities explained by investments and 
financial liabilities management.  
C0010/R0070  Dividends  Amount of dividends earned over the reporting period, excluding any dividends 
from property held for own use. 
The same definition as in S.09.01 shall apply (except for the scope of investments 
to consider).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1049