 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0140  Far leg amount  This item is only applicable for repos and represents the following amounts: 
— Buyer in a repo: amount ceded at the contract maturity 
— Seller in a repo: amount received at the contract maturity  
C0150  Start date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the contract start date. The contract start date 
refers to the date when obligations under the contract come into effect.  
C0160  Maturity date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the contract closing date. Even if the contract 
is on an open call basis, there is usually a date when the contract expires. In these cases this 
date must be reported, if no call occurs before. 
An agreement is considered closed when it has matured, a call occurs or the agreement is 
cancelled. 
For contracts with no defined maturity date report ‘9999–12–31’.  
C0170  Solvency II Value  This item is only applicable for contracts that are still open at the reporting date. 
Value of the repo or securities lending contract, following Article 75 of Directive 
2009/138/EC rules for valuation of contracts. 
This value can be positive, negative or zero.  
S.11.01 – Assets held as collateral  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported annually when the ratio of the value of assets held as collateral to total balance sheet 
exceeds 10 %.  
The pool of assets that secure the investment (e.g. the pool of asset that are a collateral for covered bonds) shall not be 
reported in this template. The collateral covering reinsurance receivables shall be reported in S.11.01 template.  
This template contains an item–by–item list of off–balance sheet assets held as collateral for covering balance sheet at 
the end of the reporting period. Collaterals are considered ‘held’ when the undertakings included in the scope described 
below or one of undertakings that are part of the group has the ‘right of direct access to the collateral’, so the collateral 
has been committed to the entity and it is individually identifiable.  
It consists of detailed information from the perspective of the assets held as collateral and not from the perspective of 
the collateral arrangement.  
If there is a pool of collaterals or a collateral arrangement comprising multiple assets, as many rows as the assets in the 
pool or arrangement shall be reported.  
This template comprises two tables: Information on positions held and Information on assets.EN  L 120/1232 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023