 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0150  Premium paid to date  The payment made (if bought), for options and also up–front and periodical 
premium amounts paid for swaps, since the moment the undertaking entered 
into the derivative contract.  
C0160  Premium received to date  The payment received (if sold), for options and also up–front and periodical 
premium amounts received for swaps, since the moment the undertaking 
entered into the derivative contract.  
C0170  Number of contracts  Number of similar derivative contracts reported in the line. It shall be the number 
of contracts entered into. For Over–The–Counter derivatives, e.g., one swap 
contract, ‘1’ shall be reported, if ten swaps with the same characteristics, ‘10’ 
shall be reported. 
The number of contracts can be non-integer, when there is a need to split 
contracts. 
The number of contracts shall be the ones outstanding at the reporting date.  
C0180  Contract size  Number of underlying assets in the contract (e.g. for equity futures it is the 
number of equities to be delivered per derivative contract at maturity, for bond 
futures it is the reference amount underlying each contract). 
The way the contract size is defined varies according with the type of instrument. 
For futures on equities it is common to find the contract size defined as a 
function of the number of shares underlying the contract. 
For futures on bonds, it is the bond nominal amount underlying the contract. 
Only applicable for futures and options.  
C0190  Maximum loss under 
unwinding event  Maximum amount of loss if an unwinding event occurs. Applicable to CIC 
category F. 
Where a credit derivative is 100 % collateralised, the maximum loss under an 
unwinding event is zero.  
C0200  Swap outflow amount  Amount delivered under the swap contract (other than premiums), during the 
reporting period. Corresponds to interest paid for IRS and amounts delivered for 
currency swaps, credit swaps, total return swaps and other swaps. 
In the cases where the settlement is made on a net basis then only one of the 
items C0200 and C0210 shall be reported.  
C0210  Swap inflow amount  Amount received under the swap contract (other than premiums), during the 
reporting period. Corresponds to interest received for IRS and amounts received 
for currency swaps, credit swaps, total return swaps and other swaps. 
In the cases where the settlement is made on a net basis then only one of the 
items C0200 and C0210 shall be reported.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/691