 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Subordinated liabilities which do not count as basic own funds shall not be 
reported here, but on the balance sheet (template S.02.01) as subordinated 
liabilities that do not count as basic own funds.  
Deductions  
R0230/C0010  Deduction for participations in 
financial and credit institutions 
– total  This is the total deduction for participations in financial and credit institutions in 
accordance with Article 68 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0230/C0020  Deduction for participations in 
financial and credit institutions 
– tier 1 unrestricted  This is the amount of the deduction for participations in financial and credit 
institutions that are deducted from tier 1 unrestricted in accordance with 
Article 68 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0230/C0030  Deduction for participations in 
financial and credit institutions 
– tier 1 restricted  This is the amount of the deduction for participations in financial and credit 
institutions that are deducted from tier 1 restricted in accordance with Article 68 
of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0230/C0040  Deduction for participations in 
financial and credit institutions 
– tier 2  This is the amount of the deduction for participations in financial and credit 
institutions that are deducted from tier 2 in accordance with Article 68 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0230/C0050  Deduction for participations in 
financial and credit institutions 
– Tier 3  This is the amount of the deduction for participations in financial and credit 
institutions that are deducted from Tier 3 in accordance with Article 68 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
Total basic own funds after deductions  
R0290/C0010  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – total  This is the total amount of basic own fund items after deductions.  
R0290/C0020  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the amount of basic own fund items after deductions that meet the criteria 
for Tier 1 unrestricted items.  
R0290/C0030  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – tier 1 restricted  This is the amount of basic own fund items after deductions that meet the criteria 
for Tier 1 restricted items.  
R0290/C0040  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – tier 2  This is the amount of basic own fund items after deductions that meet the criteria 
for Tier 2.  
R0290/C0050  Total basic own funds after 
deductions – tier 3  This is the amount of basic own fund items after deductions that meet the criteria 
for Tier 3.  
Ancillary own funds  
R0300/C0010  Unpaid and uncalled ordinary 
share capital callable on 
demand – total  This is the total amount of issued ordinary share capital that has not been called 
up or paid up but that is callable on demand.  
R0300/C0040  Unpaid and uncalled ordinary 
share capital callable on 
demand – tier 2  This is the amount of issued ordinary share capital that has not been called up or 
paid up but that is callable on demand that meet the criteria for Tier 2.EN  L 120/814 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023