 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0870  Subordinated liabilities in 
Basic Own Funds  Subordinated liabilities classified in Basic Own Funds. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
subordinated liabilities not in basic own funds and subordinated liabilities in basic own 
funds is not available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0880  Any other liabilities, not 
elsewhere shown  This is the total of any other liabilities, not elsewhere already included in other Balance 
Sheet items.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0900  Total liabilities  This is the overall total amount of all liabilities  
C0010/R1000  Excess of assets over 
liabilities  This is the total of group’s excess of assets over liabilities, valued in accordance with 
Solvency II valuation basis. Value of the assets minus liabilities.  
C0020/R1000  Excess of assets over 
liabilities 
(statutory accounts value)  This is the total of excess of assets over liabilities of statutory accounts value column.  
S.02.02 – Liabilities by currency  
General comment:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template is to be filled in accordance with the Balance sheet (S.02.01). Valuation principles are laid down in 
Directive 2009/138/EC, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, Solvency II Technical Standards and Guidelines.  
This template is not required to be submitted if one single currency represents more than 80 % of liabilities. In case the 
value of technical provisions, as reported in R0030 and R0120 in S.12.01 and R0060 and R0160 in S.17.01, is 
negative, for the purposes of the calculation of the threshold above the absolute value those notional amounts should be 
considered without netting of technical provisions between different LoBs.  
If submitted, information on the reporting currency shall always be reported regardless of the amount of liabilities. 
Information reported by currency shall at least represent 80 % of the total liabilities. The remaining 20 % shall be 
aggregated. If a specific currency has to be reported for liabilities to comply with the 80 % rule, then that currency shall 
be reported for all liabilities.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1153