 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0140  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Notice period  This is the notice of the subordinated mutual member accounts. The date shall be 
entered here, using ISO8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0150  Subordinated mutual member 
account – Name of supervisory 
authority having given 
authorisation  This is the name of the supervisory authority which has issued the authorisation, 
with country in parenthesis.  
C0160  Subordinated mutual member 
account – Buy back during the 
year  Explanation if the item has been bought back during the year.  
C0170  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – % of the issue held 
by entities in the group  This is the % of the issue of subordinated mutual member accounts held by 
entities within the group in the meaning of Article 212(1)(c) of Directive 
2009/138/EC.  
C0180  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Contribution to 
group subordinated mutual 
member accounts  This is the contribution of the mutual member accounts to total group 
subordinated mutual member accounts.  
C0190  Description of preference 
shares  This shall list individual preference shares  
C0200  Preference shares – Amount  This is the amount of the preference shares.  
C0210  Preference shares – Counted 
under transitionals?  This shall indicate whether the preference shares are counted under the transi ­
tional provisions. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Counted under transitionals 
2 – Not counted under transitionals  
C0220  Preference shares – 
Counterparty (if specific)  This shall list the holder of the preference shares if limited to a single party. If the 
shares are broadly issued, no data is required.  
C0230  Preference shares – Issue date  This is the issue date of the preference share. This shall be in ISO 8601 format 
(yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0240  Preference shares – First call 
date  This is the first call date of the preference share. This shall be in ISO 8601 format 
(yyyy–mm–dd).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1317