 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0180  Equity  The total amount of the exposures in equity instruments toward the external counterparty. If 
more than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a separate line is necessary.  
C0190  Bonds  The total amount of the exposures in bond instruments toward the external counterparty. If 
more than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a separate line is necessary. In 
this cell the exposures for which the Exemptions are applicable (C0260) should be included.  
C0200  Assets whose risks are 
mainly borne by the 
policyholders  The total amount of exposures in assets whose risks are mainly borne by the policyholders 
toward the external counterparty. If more than one entity of the group is involved, for each 
entity a separate line is necessary. Look-through approach should be used only when avail ­
able.  
C0210  Derivatives  The total amount of the exposures in derivatives toward the external counterparty. If more 
than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a separate line is necessary. The 
derivatives shall be reported at their replacement cost If there is possibility of compensations 
among the different exposures the data may be provided in net values (i.e. long exposure 
+short exposure).  
C0220  Other investments  The total amount of the exposures in other investments toward the external counterparty. If 
more than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a separate line is necessary  
C0230  Loans and mortgages  The total amount of the exposures in loans and mortgages toward the external counterparty. 
If more than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a separate line is necessary  
C0240  Guarantees and Commit ­
ments  The total amount of the exposures (i.e. maximum actual exposure depending on the liability 
of the entity) in guarantees and commitments (including unpaid tranches of loans) toward the 
external counterparty. If more than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a 
separate line is necessary 
Guarantees issued by the entities of the group should be reported in this column, while 
guarantees where the group entities are beneficiaries should be reported as credit or insurance 
risk mitigation deduction (C0260) and in the indirect exposures (C0220).  
C0250  Insurance policies  The total amount of the exposure in the insurance policies (liability limit or sum insured 
depending which one represents the maximum possible exposure)  
C0260  External reinsurance  The total amount of the exposures in external reinsurance toward the external counterparty. 
In accordance with sectoral rules amount reported should be reinsurance recoverables. If 
more than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a separate line is necessary.  
C0270  Others direct exposures  The total amount of the exposures in other instruments toward the external counterparty. If 
more than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a separate line is necessary. If 
there is possibility of compensation the net value may be presented.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1579