 
The default instruction is that each item shall be reported in the ‘Statutory accounts value’ column, separately.  
However, in the ‘Statutory accounts value’ column the dotted rows were introduced in order to enable the reporting of 
aggregated figures if the split figures are not available.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Assets  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to an RFF or to the remaining 
part. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number or code for a ring-fenced fund or 
matching adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the group and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number or code reported in other 
templates  
C0020/R0010  Goodwill  Intangible asset that arises as the result of a business combination and that represents 
the economic value of assets that cannot be individually identified or separately 
recognised in a business combination.  
C0020/R0020  Deferred acquisition 
costs  Acquisition costs relating to contracts in force at the balance sheet date which are 
carried forward from one reporting period to subsequent reporting periods, relating to 
the unexpired periods of risks. In relation to life business, acquisition costs are deferred 
when it is probable that they will be recovered.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0030  Intangible assets  Intangible assets other than goodwill. An identifiable non–monetary asset without 
physical substance.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0040  Deferred tax assets  Deferred tax assets are the amounts of income taxes recoverable in future periods in 
respect of: 
(a) deductible temporary differences; 
(b) the carry forward of unused tax losses; and/or 
(c) the carry forward of unused tax credits.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0050  Pension benefit surplus  This is the total of net surplus related to employees’ pension scheme.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0060  Property, plant & 
equipment held for own 
use  Tangible assets which are intended for permanent use and property held by the group 
for own use. It also includes property for own use under construction.EN  L 120/1140 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023