 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030/R0010  Sum of all Losses Given 
Default  The sum of the Loss Given Default for all Type 1 exposures.  
C0030/R0020- 
R0110  Type 1 exposures – 
Single name exposure X 
– Loss Given Default  The value of the Loss Given Default for each of the 10 largest single name exposures.  
C0030/R0120  Type 1 aggregate Loss 
Given Default excluding 
10 largest single name 
exposures  Loss Given Default for all Type 1 exposures excluding 10 largest single name exposures.  
C0040/R0010  Sum of all Exposures at 
Default  The sum of the Exposure at Default for all Type 1 exposures.  
C0040/R0020- 
R0110  Type 1 exposures – 
Single name exposure X 
– Exposure at Default  The value of the Exposure at Default for each of the 10 largest single name exposures.  
C0040/R0120  Type 1 aggregate 
Exposure at Default 
excluding 10 largest 
single name exposures  The value of the Exposure at Default for all Type 1 exposures excluding 10 largest 
single name exposures.  
C0050/R0010  Weighted average Prob ­
ability of Default for 
Type 1 exposures  Weighted average of Probability of Default for Type 1 exposures where the weight is 
Exposure at Default.  
C0050/R0020- 
R0110  Type 1 exposures – 
Single name exposure X 
– Probability of Default  The Probability of Default for each of the 10 largest single name exposures.  
Type 2 exposures in terms of impact on SCR  
C0030/R0130  Sum of all Losses Given 
Default  The sum of the Loss Given Default for all Type 2 exposures.EN  L 120/1450 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023