 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
The ID code shall be consistent over time. 
In the cases where the same product needs to be reported in more than one row 
the content of C0010 (and C0090) shall follow the specific pattern: 
{}{ID code of product}}/ + /{}{number of version}}. For example ‘AB222/ + /3’.  
C0030  Line of Business  Line of business as defined in Annex 1 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.The 
following closed list shall be used: 
29 – Health insurance 
30 – Insurance with profit participation 
31 – Index–linked and unit–linked insurance 
32 – Other life insurance 
33 – Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to health 
insurance obligations 
34 – Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to 
insurance obligations other than health insurance obligations 
35 – Health reinsurance 
36 – Life reinsurance  
C0040  Number of contracts at the 
end of the year  Number of contracts attached to each reported product. Contracts with more than 
one policyholder count as only one contract. 
In case of inactive policyholder (no premium paid) the contract shall be reported 
anyway unless the contract is cancelled. As no premiums are paid in this case, 
these inactive policyholders are included with premiums equal to zero. 
For annuities stemming from non–life use the number of annuities obligations. 
For products which are unbundled in more than one row, please report the 
number of contracts in all rows reported.  
C0041  Number of contracts at the 
end of year – of which 
contracts with surrender 
option  Number of contracts at the end of the year which include a surrender option for 
the policyholder. 
Contracts where policyholders do not have the right to surrender their policy, but 
can still transfer their policy to another insurer should be captured in this cell. 
Not applicable for annuities stemming from non-life contracts.  
C0050  Number of new contracts 
during year  Number of new contracts issued during reporting year (this is for all new 
contracts). Otherwise use the same instructions as for cell C0040. 
For annuities stemming from non–life use the number of annuities obligations. 
Contracts are considered as new contracts, when they are recognized in the 
valuation of technical provisions at any time during the year in accordance 
with Article 17 of the Delegated Regulation. New contracts therefore include 
renewals which were not included in the contract boundaries before as well as 
new business sales.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/731