 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0080, C0110, 
C0140, C0170, 
C0200  Amount of TP net of IGT  Amount of technical provisions (TP calculated as a whole or the sum of the best 
estimate and the risk margin), split by respective main categories (Life excluding 
health and unit linked index–linked, Unit–linked and index linked, Health – SLT and 
non–SLT, Non–life excluding health) of the EEA or non–EEA undertaking calculated 
according to Solvency II rules. 
The cell shall be filled in with amounts gross of reinsurance but net of IGT, including 
intra–group reinsurance. 
The currency used shall be the group currency. 
This item is reported for the (re)insurance undertakings under method 1 and method 2, 
except for the (re)insurance undertakings under method 2 situated in equivalent non– 
EEA countries.  
C0090, C0120, 
C0150, C0180, 
C0210  Net Contribution to 
Group TP (%)  The percentage share of TP (TP calculated as a whole or the sum of the best estimate 
and the risk margin) of the (re) insurance undertaking to the group TP under method 1 
net of IGT but gross of reinsurance ceded outside the group, split by respective main 
categories (Life excluding health and unit linked index–linked, Unit–linked and index 
linked, Health – SLT and non–SLT, Non–life excluding health). 
This item is not reported for undertakings under method 2.  
C0220  Transitional on TP – 
Amount of TP gross of 
IGT  Amount of the transitional deduction to technical provisions. This value is not included 
in the previous items. 
The cell shall be filled in with amounts gross of reinsurance and IGT. 
This value shall be reported as a negative value.  
C0230  Transitional on TP – 
Amount of TP net of IGT  Amount of the transitional deduction to technical provisions. This value is not included 
in the previous items. 
The cell shall be filled in with amounts gross of reinsurance but net of IGT, including 
intra–group reinsurance. 
This value shall be reported as a negative value.  
C0240  LTG measures – TP 
subject to Transitional on 
RFR – Amount of TP 
gross of IGT  Indicate the amount of Total amount of TP gross of IGT (C0050) subject to the 
transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. 
The cell shall be filled in with amounts gross of reinsurance and IGT.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1549