 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0180  Value of guaranteed 
assets  Value of the guaranteed asset for which the guarantees are received. 
Sectoral valuation principles may be relevant in this case.  
C0190  Revenues stemming from 
the off-balance sheet 
items  Revenues associated to the provisions of the off-balance sheet transaction  
C0200  Comments  Comments shall contain: 
— a notification if the transaction has not been performed at arm’s length 
— any other relevant information regarding the economic nature of the operation.  
S.36.04 – IGT – Insurance and Reinsurance  
General comments:  
This template relates to the information groups are requested to provide annually.  
This template shall report all (significant, very significant and transactions required to be reported in all circumstances) 
intra-group transactions between entities in scope of the group supervision related to internal insurance and reinsurance 
within the group.  
These include, but not limited to:  
— Insurance contracts of entities within the scope of the group with insurance companies within the scope of the 
group  
— reinsurance treaties between related undertakings of a group;  
— facultative reinsurance between related undertakings of a group; and  
— any other transaction that results in transferring underwriting risk (insurance risk) between related undertakings of a 
group.  
This template shall include intragroup transactions that were:  
— in-force at the start of the reporting period.  
— incepted during the reporting period and outstanding at the reporting date.  
— incepted and expired/matured during the reporting period.  
Where two or more transactions between entities of the group which, from an economic perspective, contribute to the 
same risk, or, serve the same purpose/objective or are temporally connected in a plan, they shall be considered as a 
single economic operation.EN  L 120/1566 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023