 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0020  Risk type  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Non-life and NSLT health premium risk aggregated jointly with implicit catastrophe 
risk 
2 – Non-life and NSLT health premium risk aggregated jointly 
3 – Non-life underwriting premium risk with implicit catastrophe risk 
4 – Non-life underwriting premium risk  
C0100  Diversified premium risk 
excluding explicit Catas ­
trophe Risk  Aggregate premium risk gross/net of reinsurance after applying diversification effects 
among different risks. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium risk, otherwise 
catastrophe risk will be reported using separate codes described in the ‘DISTRIBUTION 
OF LOSSES FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG file.  
C0110  SII Line of Business  Premium risk gross/net of reinsurance for each Solvency II LoB. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium risk, otherwise 
catastrophe risk will be reported using separate codes described in the ‘DISTRIBUTION 
OF LOSSES FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG file.  
C0120  Internal Line of Business  Premium risk gross/net of reinsurance for each internal LoB. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium risk, otherwise 
catastrophe risk will be reported using separate codes described in the ‘DISTRIBUTION 
OF LOSSES FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG file.  
R0610  Gross Written Premium  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the financial year in 
respect of insurance contracts, arising from direct business, regardless of the fact that 
such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later financial year.  
R0620  Gross Earned Premium  It is the sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision for 
unearned premiums related to insurance direct business.  
R0630  Gross written premium 
planned in the 12 
months post the 
reporting Reference Date  Gross premium planned to be written within the 12 months following the reporting 
reference date via binder agreements either signed before or after the reference date.  
R0640  Gross written unearned 
premium at the 
Reference Date (only if 
premium provision 
allocated to premium 
risk)  Written unearned premium gross of reinsurance. This cell should be filled in if the 
premium provision at the reporting reference date is allocated to premium risk.EN  L 120/1460 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023