 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0260  SPV authorisation 
conditions  Identify authorisation conditions of the SPV according to Article 211 of Directive 
2009/138/EC or equivalent legal instrument. One of the options in the following 
closed list shall be used: 
1 – SPV authorised under Article 211(1) of Directive 2009/138/EC 
2 – SPV authorised under Article 211(3) of Directive 2009/138/EC (grandfathered) 
3 – SPV regulated by a third country supervisory authority where requirements 
equivalent to those set out in Article 211(2) of Directive 2009/138/EC are met by 
the special purpose vehicle 
4 – SPV not covered above  
C0270  External rating 
assessment by nominated 
ECAI  Rating of the SPV (if any) that is considered by the undertaking and provided by an 
external rating agency. 
If the rating is not available the item shall be left blank and the SPV shall be identified 
as ‘9 – no rating available’ in column C0290 (Credit quality step). 
This item is not applicable to SPVs for which undertakings using internal model use 
internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use internal rating, this 
item shall be reported. 
In case ‘Multiple ECAI’ is reported in C0280 report the most representative external 
rating.  
C0280  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in C0270, by 
using the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In case of ratings issued 
by subsidiaries of the ECAI please report the parent ECAI (the reference is to ESMA list 
of credit rating agencies registered or certified in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies).  
C0290  Credit quality step  Identify the credit quality step attributed to the SPV. The credit quality step shall reflect 
any readjustments to the credit quality made internally by the group. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1EN  L 120/1532 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023