 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0100  Transaction type  Identify the type of transaction. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – guarantees 
2 – commitment 
3 – letter of credit 
4 – undrawn credit facilities 
5 – assets purchased under outright forward purchase agreements (currency or 
other); 
6 – asset sale and repurchase agreements as referred to in Article 12(3) and (5) of 
Directive 86/635/EEC; 
7 – Contingent liabilities 
8 – other;  
C0110  Transaction issue date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the date when the transaction/issue 
takes effect.  
C0120  Expiry date of agreement/ 
contract underlying transaction  Where applicable, identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the date when the 
agreement/contract ceases. If the expiry date is perpetual use  " 9999-12-31 ". 
C0130  Currency of transaction  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency in which the transaction 
took place. If there are two currencies involved, please identify both in cell 
Comments C0200  
C0140  Trigger event  Where applicable, brief description of event that would trigger the transaction/ 
payment/liability/none e.g. event that would result in a contingent liability occur ­
ring.  
C0150  Value of transaction at starting 
date  Value of the transaction or collateral pledged at the starting date, recognised on 
the Solvency II balance sheet.  
C0160  Value of transaction at 
reporting date  Value of the transaction, collateral pledged recognised on the Solvency II balance 
sheet at the reporting date.  
C0170  Maximum possible value of 
contingent liabilities  Maximum possible value, if possible, regardless of their probability (i.e. future cash 
flows required to settle the contingent liability over the lifetime of that contingent 
liability, discounted at the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure) of 
contingent liabilities included in SII balance sheet. Sum of all possible cash 
flows if events triggering guarantees were all to happen in relation to guarantees 
provided by the ‘provider’ (cell C0020) to the ‘beneficiary’ (Cell C0050) to 
guarantee the payment of the liabilities due by the undertaking (includes letter 
of credit, undrawn committed borrowing facilities). This item shall not include 
amounts already reported under C0150 and C0160.  
C0180  Value of guaranteed assets  Value of the guaranteed asset for which the guarantees are received. 
Sectoral valuation principles may be relevant in this case.  
C0190  Revenues stemming from the 
off-balance sheet items  Revenues associated to the provisions of the off-balance sheet transaction.EN  L 120/1108 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023