 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0320/C0020  Capital requirement for 
operational risk after 
capping  This is the capital requirement for operational risk after capping adjustment.  
R0330/C0020  Expenses incurred in 
respect of unit linked 
business (previous 12 
months)  This is the amount of expenses incurred in the previous 12 months in respect of life 
insurance where the investment risk is borne by the policyholders.  
R0340/C0020  Total capital requirement 
for operational risk  This is the capital charge for operational risk.  
S.26.07 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Simplifications  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.07 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
Template SR.26.07 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a), (b) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
For group reporting the following specific requirements shall be met:  
a) This information is applicable when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used, either 
exclusively or in combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC;  
b) When combination method is being used, this information is to be submitted only for the part of the group 
calculated with method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC, and;  
c) This information does not apply to groups when method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC is 
being used exclusively.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1413