 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Life underwriting risk  
R0100/C0120  Mortality risk – Capital at risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 91 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35 for all obligations subject to mortality risk.  
R0100/C0160  Mortality risk – Average rate 
t + 1  Average mortality rate during the following 12 (t + 1) months weighted by sum 
insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0100/C0180  Mortality risk – Modified 
duration  Modified duration in years of all payments payable on death included in the best 
estimate for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0110/C0150  Longevity risk – Best estimate  Best estimate of obligations subject to longevity risk.  
R0110/C0160  Longevity risk – Average rate 
t + 1  Average mortality rate during the following 12 (t + 1) months weighted by sum 
insured for policies where a decrease in the mortality rate leads to an increase in 
technical provisions.  
R0110/C0180  Longevity risk – Modified 
duration  Modified duration in years of all payments to beneficiaries included in the best 
estimate for policies where a decrease in the mortality rate leads to an increase in 
technical provisions.  
R0120/C0120  Disability–morbidity risk – 
Capital at risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 93 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35 for all obligations subject to disability–morbidity risk.  
R0120/C0130  Disability–morbidity risk – 
Capital at risk t + 1  Capital at risk as defined in R0120/C0120 after 12 (t + 1) months.  
R0120/C0150  Disability–morbidity risk – 
Best estimate  Best estimate of obligations subject to disability–morbidity risk.  
R0120/C0160  Disability–morbidity risk – 
Average rate t + 1  Average disability–morbidity rate during the following 12 months (t + 1) 
weighted by sum insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0120/C0170  Disability–morbidity risk – 
Average rate t + 2  Average disability–morbidity rate during the 12 months after the following 12 
months (t + 2) weighted by sum insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0120/C0180  Disability–morbidity risk – 
Modified duration  Modified duration in years of all payments on disability–morbidity included in the 
best estimate for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0120/C0200  Disability–morbidity risk – 
Termination rates  Expected termination rates during the following 12 months for policies with a 
positive capital at risk.  
R0130/C0140  Lapse risk (up) – Surrender 
strain  Sum of all positive surrender strains as defined in Article 95 of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0130/C0160  Lapse risk (up) – Average rate 
t + 1  Average lapse rate for policies with positive surrender strains.EN  L 120/936 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023