 
ITEM  INSTRUCTION  
2 – Credit quality step 2; 
2a – Credit quality step 2 due to the application of Article 176a of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 for unrated bonds and loans; 
3 – Credit quality step 3; 
3a – Credit quality step 3 due to the application of the simplified calculation 
under Article 105a of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35; 
3b – Credit quality step 3 due to the application of Article 176a of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 for unrated bonds and loans; 
4 – Credit quality step 4; 
5 – Credit quality step 5; 
6 – Credit quality step 6; 
9 – No rating available.  
C0350  Internal rating  Applicable at least to CIC categories 1- Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 
5 – Structured notes, 6 – Collateralised securities and 8 – Mortgages and Loans, 
(other than CIC 87 and CIC 88), where available. 
Internal rating of assets for undertakings using internal ratings. 
For undertakings applying a matching adjustment the item shall be reported to the 
extent that the internal ratings are used to calculate the fundamental spread 
referred to in Article 77c(2) of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
C0360  Duration  Only applicable to CIC categories 1 – Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 4 
– Collective Investments Undertakings (when applicable, e.g. for collective 
investment undertaking mainly invested in bonds), 5 – Structured notes and 6 
– Collateralised securities. 
Asset duration, defined as the ‘residual modified duration’ (modified duration 
calculated based on the remaining time for maturity of the security, counted 
from the reporting reference date). For assets without fixed maturity the first 
call date shall be used but the probability of the call option being exercised 
shall be taken into account. The duration shall be calculated based on 
economic value.  
C0370  Unit Solvency II price  Amount in reporting currency for the asset, if relevant. 
This item shall be reported if a ‘quantity’ (C0130) has been provided in the first 
part of the template (‘Information on positions held’). 
This item shall not be reported if item Unit percentage of par amount Solvency II 
price (C0380) is reported.  
C0380  Unit percentage of par amount 
Solvency II price  Amount in percentage of par value, clean price without accrued interest, for the 
asset, if relevant. 
This item shall be reported if a ‘par amount’ information (C0140) has been 
provided in the first part of the template (‘Information on positions held’) 
except for CIC 71 and CIC category 9 – Property. 
This item shall not be reported if item Unit Solvency II price (C0370) is reported.EN  L 120/678 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023