 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090  Internal Line of Business  Reserve risk gross/net of reinsurance for each internal LoB. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the reserve risk, 
otherwise catastrophe risk will be reported using separate fields described in the 
‘Distribution of losses from catastrophe perils’ section of this LOG file.  
R0070  Provision for claims 
outstanding – discounted  The best estimate of claims (gross of reinsurance) that have not been settled. It 
includes all claims not yet settled, reported and not reported. Based on Article 77 
solvency II Directive, the best estimate corresponds to the probability-weighted 
average of future cash-flows, taking account of the time value of money (expected 
present value of future cash-flows), using the relevant risk-free interest rate term 
structure.  
R0080  Premium Provision – 
discounted (only if premium 
provision allocated to reserve 
risk)  The discounted sum of future cash flows that comprise the premium provisions, 
gross of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts, special purpose 
vehicles and finite reinsurance regarding direct and accepted business. This cell 
should be filled in if the premium provision at the reporting reference date is 
allocated to reserve risk.  
R0090  Solvency Capital Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings need to 
face their risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each 
internal line of business, SII LoB and aggregate level based on gross of reinsurance 
data. 
This cell represents the stand-alone risk of the respective granularity with the 
approved risk measure of the Internal Model.  
R0100  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the profit and loss distribution forecast according to the 
approved model setup, i.e. as relevant for the calculation of the official SCR. It 
is the output obtained based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and 
on an undiscounted basis)  
R0110  Simulated (output) standard 
deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution of the future cash 
out-flows (Combined ratio styled) relating to claims events on a one-year time 
horizon basis as at the reporting reference date. It is the output obtained based on 
the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R0120-R0330  Percentiles from 0.001 to 
0.999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in 
the table related to the probability distribution of the future cash out-flows 
relating to claims events on a one-year time horizon basis as at the reporting 
reference date obtained based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and 
on a discounted basis). 
If the risk measure definition is in line with the risk measure definition of 
Article 101 of the Solvency II Directive, the 99.5 percentile will differ by the 
Simulated (output) mean from the SCR.EN  L 120/970 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023