 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0450/R2100  Diversification between other 
non-life catastrophe perils  Diversification effect on SCR between Other perils. Calculated as SCR for Other 
risk perils – Sum of separate SCR for all Other risk perils.  
C0450/R2110  Non-life catastrophe risk – 
total diversification  Diversification effect on SCR between NatCat, Man-made and Other perils. 
Calculated as SCR for Catastrophe risk – SCR for NatCat risk perils – SCR for 
all Man-made risk perils -SCR for all Other risk perils.  
C0450/R2120  Total Non-life catastrophe risk 
– diversified  SCR for Catastrophe risk.  
S.26.14 – Internal model: Life and Health underwriting risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and insurance and reinsurance undertakings.  
In this template, the results of internal models for Life and Health SLT underwriting risk are reported. If insurers also 
integrate Health NSLT underwriting risk in the Life + Health SLT underwriting risk model structure, the results of the 
Health NSLT model should also be reported in this template.  
Depending on the structure of Life and Health SLT underwriting risk modelling, one of the two approaches for longevity 
and mortality risk should be used. If the internal model structure is such that Mortality and Longevity risks are modelled 
together, then for these risks only R0270 where these risks are combined, shall be reported.  
In general, if cells cannot be sensibly reported an alternative should be selected. For example, if an undertaking cannot 
separate trend, level or volatility modelling within a submodule, then information should be provided at the 
corresponding aggregate level.  
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
OPTION 1 – LIFE RISK  
C0010/R0010, 
R0060, R0250, 
R0270 
C0030-C0040/ 
R0110  Net Best Estimate 
liability + Technical provisions 
calculated as a whole  Best estimate shall be reported net of reinsurance and refers to the products of the 
life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category. TPs 
calculated as a whole should be taken in as well. 
The split for disability-morbidity risk aggregate refers to annuities paid out (‘APO’) 
or not (‘ANPO’). 
If R0270 is reported then R0010 (Mortality) and R0060 (Longevity) shall not be 
reported.  
C0050/R0010, 
R0060, R0110, 
R0250, R0270  Net Written Premiums  The total of the written premiums net of reinsurance shall be reported for the 
products of the life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk 
category. 
If R0270 is reported then R0010 (Mortality) and R0060 (Longevity) shall not be 
reported.EN  L 120/978 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023