 
b) The country where the branch is located (host country) when the contract was sold through a branch.  
For the purposes of this template, an intermediary is not considered to be a separate underwriting entity. If an 
intermediary is used, or in any other situation, the country of establishment is either a) or b) depending on who 
sold the contract.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
List of underwriting entities  
C0010  Underwriting entity code  The identification code of the underwriting entity shall be the LEI for the head 
office. Where a non-EEA branch has a LEI distinct from that of the head office, 
this LEI shall be used as the underwriting entity number. 
For EEA branches and non-EEA branches which do not have a distinct LEI, a 
specific code shall be attributed by the undertaking. Such code shall be unique for 
the specific underwriting entity and shall not overlap with any other code 
attributed by the undertaking or LEI code.  
C0011  Type of underwriting entity 
code  Identification of the code used in item ‘Underwriting entity code’: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0020  Type of entity  Identification of the type of entity. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Head office 
2 – Branch  
C0030  Type of branch localisation  Identification of the type of branch. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – EEA branch 
2 – Non-EEA branch 
Where the ‘type of entity’ has been identified as head office in C0020, this field 
shall be left blank.  
C0040  Country of establishment  Identify the ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the country of establishment of each 
branch. 
This field is not applicable (in this template) where ‘head office’ is selected in 
C0020, as in this case the country code is defined as the ‘Country of author ­
isation’ reported in template S.01.02  
S.04.04 – Activity by country – location of underwriting  
General comments  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual insurance and reinsurance undertakings only.  
The reporting instructions for template S.04.04 should be read in conjunction with the reporting instructions for 
S.04.03 and S.04.05. Across these three templates, entities shall report all business from two distinct perspectives: 
location of underwriting and location of risk. Template S.04.04 focuses on the location of underwriting.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/643