 
Undertakings may apply appropriate approximations in the calculation of the technical provisions as referred to in 
Article 21 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. In addition, Article 59 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 may be 
applied to calculate the risk margin during the financial year.  
Line of business for life obligations: The lines of business, referred to in Article 80 of Directive 2009/138/EC, as defined 
in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. The segmentation shall reflect the nature of the risks underlying the 
contract (substance), rather than the legal form of the contract (form). By default, where an insurance or reinsurance 
contract covers risks across the lines of business undertakings shall, where possible, unbundled the obligations into the 
appropriate lines of business (Article 55 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35).  
Lines of business ‘Index–linked and unit–linked insurance’, ‘Other life insurance’ and ‘Health insurance’ are split between 
‘Contracts without options and guarantees’ and ‘Contracts with options or guarantees’. For this split the following shall 
be considered:  
— ‘Contracts without options and guarantees’ shall include the amounts related to contracts without any financial 
guarantees or contractual options, meaning that the technical provision calculation does not reflect the amount of 
any financial guarantees or contractual options. Contracts with non–material contractual options or financial 
guarantees that are not reflected in the technical provisions calculation shall also be reported in this column;  
— ‘Contracts with options or guarantees’ shall include contracts that have either financial guarantees, contractual 
options, or both as far as the technical provision calculation reflect the existence of those financial guarantees or 
contractual options.  
The information reported shall be gross of reinsurance as information on Recoverables from reinsurance/SPV and Finite 
reinsurance is requested in specific rows.  
All references to surrender values shall not be applicable to the reinsurance business.  
The information to be reported between R0010 and R0100 shall be after the volatility adjustment, the matching 
adjustment and the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure if applied but shall 
not include the transitional deduction to technical provisions. The amount of transitional deduction to technical 
provisions is requested separately between rows R0110 and R0130.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0020  Ring Fenced Fund/Matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  Identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching adjustment portfolio. 
This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be consistent over time 
and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other templates.  
Technical provisions calculated as a whole  
C0020, C0030, 
C0060, C0090, 
C0100, C0110, 
C0120, C0130, 
C0140, C0160, 
C0190, 
C0200/R0010  Technical provisions calculated 
as a whole  Amount of Technical provisions calculated as a whole per each line of business, as 
defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0150/R0010  Technical provisions calculated 
as a whole – Total (Life other 
than health insurance, incl. 
Unit–Linked)  Total amount of technical provisions calculated as a whole for Life other than 
health insurance, including Unit–Linked.EN  L 120/708 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023