 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0170  Volume measure for premium 
and reserve risk – V  The volume measure for NSLT health premium and reserve risk referred to in Title 
I Chapter V Sections 4 and 12 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, for each 
line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, and 
its proportional reinsurance.  
R1040/C0170  Total Volume measure for 
premium and reserve risk  The total volume measure for premium and reserve risk, equal to the sum of the 
volume measures for premium and reserve risk for all lines of business, as defined 
in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R1050/C0100  Combined standard deviation  This is the combined standard deviation for premium and reserve risk for all 
segments.  
R1100/C0180  Solvency capital requirement – 
NSLT health premium and 
reserve risk  This is the total capital charge for the NSLT health premium and reserve risk sub 
module referred to in Title I Chapter V Sections 4 and 12 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
R1200/C0190  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the NSLT health lapse risk 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R1200/C0200  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the NSLT health lapse risk 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
before the shock. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R1200/C0210  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the NSLT health lapse risk 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R1200/C0220  Absolute values after shock 
Liabilities – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to lapse risk, after the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R1200/C0230  Absolute value after shock– 
Solvency capital requirement – 
Lapse risk  This is the capital charge for NSLT health lapse risk referred to in Title I Chapter 
V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R1300/C0240  Diversification within NSLT 
health underwriting risk – 
gross  This is the diversification effect within the NSLT health underwriting risk sub– 
module referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, as a result of the aggregation of the capital requirements for NSLT 
health premium and reserve risk and NSLT health lapse risk. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/927