 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0830  Reinsurance payables  Amounts payable to reinsurers (in particular current accounts) other than deposits 
linked to reinsurance business that are not included in reinsurance recoverables, 
including payables from the undertaking to reinsurers in relation to other than 
insurance events. 
Includes payables to reinsurers that relate to ceded premiums. 
For the ‘Solvency II value’ column (C0010) this cell shall include all expected payments 
(due and past-due) from the undertaking to reinsurers that are not included in 
reinsurance recoverables. These should not be included in the item  "any other liabilities 
not elsewhere shown ". 
This cell in particular should take into account all expected payments from the under ­
taking to reinsurers corresponding to payments made by the policyholders to the 
undertaking. 
It also shall include all expected payments (due and past-due) to reinsurers in relation to 
other than insurance events or those that have been agreed between cedent and 
reinsurer and where the amount of the expected payment is certain.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0840  Payables (trade, not 
insurance)  This is the total amount trade payables, including amounts due to employees, suppliers, 
etc. and not insurance–related, parallel to receivables (trade, not insurance) on asset side; 
includes public entities.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0850  Subordinated liabilities  Subordinated liabilities are debts which rank after other specified debts when under ­
taking is liquidated. This is the total of subordinated liabilities classified as Basic Own 
Funds and those that are not included in Basic Own Funds. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split between 
subordinated liabilities not in basic own funds and subordinated liabilities in basic own 
funds is not available, this item shall reflect the sum.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0860  Subordinated liabilities 
not in Basic Own Funds  Subordinated liabilities are debts which rank after other specified debts when under ­
taking is liquidated. Other debts may be even more deeply subordinated. Only 
subordinated liabilities that are not classified in Basic Own Funds shall be presented 
here. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split between 
subordinated liabilities not in basic own funds and subordinated liabilities in basic own 
funds is not available, this item shall not be reported.EN  L 120/1152 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023