 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060  Identification code for expense 
side  The unique identification code attached the entity that provided the revenue by 
this order of priority if existent: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI); 
— Specific code 
Specific code: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings within the group: identification code used in 
the local market, attributed by the undertaking’s competent supervisory auth ­
ority; 
— For non-EEA undertakings and non-regulated undertakings within the group, 
identification code shall be provided by the group. When allocating an identi ­
fication code to each non-EEA or non-regulated undertaking, the group shall 
comply with the following format in a consistent manner: identification code 
of the parent undertaking + ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of the country of the 
undertaking + 5 digits.  
C0061  Type of code for expense side  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code for expense side’ item. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0070  Sector of the expense side  If the entity that provided the revenue to another entity within the group is part 
of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) of Directive 2002/87/EC, 
indicate: ‘banking sector’, ‘insurance and reinsurance sector’ ‘investments services 
sector’. 
If the entity that provided the revenue to another entity within the group is not 
part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) indicate: ‘other under ­
taking of the group’.  
C0080  Indirect transactions  If reported intra-group transaction is part of an indirect transaction (cf. General 
comments supra), report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the related 
transaction in this cell. If more than two transactions are related, the ID code of 
the first related transaction needs to be reported as a reference to link all inter ­
connected transactions. 
If the reported intra-group transaction is not part of an indirect transaction, 
indicate NO.  
C0090  Single economic operation  If the reported intragroup transaction is part of single economic operation (cf. 
General comments supra),report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the 
related transaction in this cell. If more than two transactions are related, the ID 
code of the first related transaction needs to be reported as a reference to link all 
interconnected transactions. 
If the reported intragroup transaction is not part of single economic operation, 
indicate No.  
C0100  Type of transaction  Identify the type of the P&L transaction. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Fees; 
2 – Commission; 
3 – Interest;EN  L 120/1116 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023