 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0380/R1920  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total Hail All 
Regions before diversification  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for all 
regions.  
C0380/R1930  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Diversifi ­
cation effect between regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the capital requirement after 
risk mitigations for Hail risks relating to the different regions (both specified 
Regions and Other regions).  
C0380/R1940  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total Hail 
after diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation for Hail risk, taking into 
consideration the diversification effect given in C0380/R1930.  
Natural catas ­
trophe risk – 
Subsidence  
C0390/R1950  Estimation of the gross 
premium to be earned – Total 
Subsidence before diversifi ­
cation  An estimate of the premiums to be earned, by the insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking, during the following year, for the contract in relation to the 
obligations of fire and other damage, including the proportional reinsurance 
obligations. 
Premiums shall be gross, without deduction of premiums for reinsurance 
contracts, and in relation to the territory of France.  
C0400/R1950  Exposure – Total Subsidence 
before diversification  The sum of the total insured made up of the geographical divisions of the 
territory of France for fire and other damage, including the proportional 
reinsurance obligations, which are sufficiently homogeneous in relation to the 
subsidence risk that the insurance and reinsurance undertakings are exposed to 
in relation to the territory. Together the zones shall comprise the whole territory.  
C0410/R1950  Specified Gross Loss – Total 
Subsidence before diversifi ­
cation  Specified gross subsidence loss, before taking into consideration the effect of 
diversification effect between zones.  
C0420/R1950  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Factor before risk mitigation – 
Total Subsidence before diver ­
sification  The Risk Charge Factor of the territory of France for subsidence, before taking 
into consideration the effect of diversification effect between zones.  
C0430/R1950  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Subsidence before diversifi ­
cation  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for Subsidence risk in the territory 
of France. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without deduction of the 
amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special Purpose Vehicles, 
which for subsidence is equal to the Specified Gross Loss (item C0410/R1950).  
C0430/R1960  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect between 
zones  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the Subsidence risks relating 
to the different zones of the territory of France.EN  L 120/1008 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023