 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040/R0240  Value of liabilities for 
which collateral is 
pledged – Other 
collateral pledged  Solvency II value of the liabilities for which other collateral is pledged. 
Other local/sectoral valuation principles than Solvency II ones may be relevant in this 
case.  
C0040/R0300  Value of liabilities for 
which collateral is 
pledged – Total collateral 
pledged  Total Solvency II value of the liabilities for which the collateral is pledged. 
Other local/sectoral valuation principles than Solvency II ones may be relevant in this 
case.  
C0010/R0310  Maximum value – 
Contingent liabilities not 
in Solvency II Balance 
Sheet  Maximum possible value, regardless of their probability (i.e. future cash out–flows 
required to settle the contingent liability over the lifetime of that contingent liability, 
discounted at the relevant risk–free interest rate term structure) of contingent liabilities 
that are not included in those valued in Solvency II Balance Sheet (item C0010/R0740 
of S.02.01) 
Internal contingent liabilities within the scope of group supervision are not reported in 
this template. 
This shall relate to Contingent liabilities that are not material. 
This amount shall include guarantees reported in R0010 if considered as contingent 
liabilities.  
C0010/R0330  Maximum value – 
Contingent liabilities in 
Solvency II Balance Sheet  Maximum possible value, regardless of their probability (i.e. future cash out–flows 
required to settle the contingent liability over the lifetime of that contingent liability, 
discounted at the relevant risk–free interest rate term structure) of contingent liabilities 
that are valued in Solvency II Balance Sheet, as defined in Article 11 of the Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0010/R0400  Maximum value – Total 
Contingent liabilities  Total maximum possible value, regardless of their probability (i.e. future cash flows 
required to settle the contingent liability over the lifetime of that contingent liability, 
discounted at the relevant risk–free interest rate term structure) of contingent liabilities.  
C0020/R0310  Value of guarantee/col ­
lateral/contingent 
liabilities – Contingent 
liabilities not in Solvency 
II Balance Sheet  Solvency II value of the contingent liabilities not in Solvency II Balance Sheet.EN  L 120/1162 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023