 
S.27.01 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Non–life and health catastrophe risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template S.27.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and for 
the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as different 
funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table of 
S.01.03.  
Template SR.27.01 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a), (b) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
This template is designed to allow an understanding of how the catastrophe risk module of the SCR has been calculated 
and what are the main drivers.  
For every type of catastrophe risk the risk mitigating effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special 
purpose vehicles must be determined. This calculation is prospective and must be based on the reinsurance program of 
the next reporting year as described in the reinsurance templates for Facultative covers (S.30.01 and S.30.02 of 
Annex II) and Outgoing reinsurance program in the next reporting year (S.30.03 and S.30.04 of Annex II).  
Undertakings need to estimate their recoveries from risk mitigation in line with the Directive 2009/138/EC, Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 and any relevant technical standard. Undertakings shall complete the catastrophe reporting 
template only to the granularity required to perform this calculation.  
Under the non–life and health underwriting risk modules, catastrophe risk is defined as the risk of loss, or of adverse 
change in the value of insurance liabilities, resulting from significant uncertainty of pricing and provisioning 
assumptions related to extreme or exceptional events as set out in Article 105(2)(b) and (4)(c) of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
The reported capital requirements reflects the capital requirements before and after risk mitigation which is the risk 
mitigating effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles. The reported capital 
requirement after risk mitigation is before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. The default value of the 
risk mitigation shall be reported as a positive value in order to be deducted.  
In case the diversification effect reduces the capital requirement the default value of the diversification shall be reported 
as a negative value.  
For group reporting the following specific requirements shall be met:  
a) This information is applicable when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used, either 
exclusively or in combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC;  
b) When combination method is being used, this information is to be submitted only for the part of the group 
calculated with method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC, and;  
c) This information does not apply to groups when method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC is 
being used exclusively.EN  L 120/1480 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023