 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Calculation of adjustment for loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes if calculated under the standard formula  
R0600/C0110  DTA Before the shock  Total amount of the Deferred Tax Assets (DTA) in the balance-sheet using 
Solvency II valuation before the instantaneous loss described in Article 207(1) 
and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. The DTA amount of this cell shall 
be consistent with the value in the cell R0040/C0010 in S.02.01.  
R0600/C0120  DTA After the shock  Total amount/estimate of the Deferred Tax Assets (DTA) if a balance-sheet using 
Solvency II valuation was set up after the instantaneous loss, as provided for in 
Article 207(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. This cell shall be 
left blank where R0590/C0109 is filled with ‘1-Yes’.  
R0610/C0110  DTA carry forward – Before 
the shock  Amount of deferred tax assets (DTA) in the balance-sheet using Solvency II 
valuation due to carry forward of previous loses or tax deductions before the 
instantaneous loss described in Article 207(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
R0610/C0120  DTA carry forward – After the 
shock  Amount/estimate of deferred tax assets (DTA) due to carry forward of previous 
loses or tax deductions if a balance-sheet using Solvency II valuation was set up 
after the instantaneous loss, as provided for in Article 207(1) and (2) of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35. This cell shall be left blank where R0590/C0109 is 
filled with ‘1-Yes’.  
R0620/C0110  DTA due to deductible 
temporary differences – Before 
the shock  Amount of deferred tax assets (DTA) in the balance-sheet using Solvency II 
valuation due to differences between the Solvency II valuation of an asset or 
liability and its tax base before the instantaneous loss described in Article 207 
(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0620/C0120  DTA due to deductible 
temporary differences – After 
the shock  Amount/estimate of deferred tax assets (DTA) due to differences between the 
Solvency II valuation of an asset or liability and its tax base if a balance-sheet 
using Solvency II valuation was set up after the instantaneous loss, as provided for 
in Article 207(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. This cell shall be 
left blank where R0590/C0109 is filled with ‘1-Yes’.  
R0630/C0110  DTL – Before the shock  Amount of Deferred Tax Liabilities (DTL) in balance-sheet using Solvency II 
valuation before the instantaneous loss described in Article 207(1) and (2) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. The DTL amount of this cell shall be 
consistent with the value in the cell R0780/C0010 in S.02.01.  
R0630/C0120  DTL – After the shock  Amount/estimate of Deferred Tax Liabilities (DTL) if a balance-sheet using 
Solvency II valuation was set up after the instantaneous loss, as provided for in 
Article 207(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
This cell shall be left blank in case of an average tax rate approach and where 
R0590/C0109 is filled with ‘1-Yes’.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/877