 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020/R0050  Business underwritten through 
FPS in country different from 
the country of establishment – 
Acquisition costs of which 
commissions  Commissions through FPS in any country different from the country of estab ­
lishment of the individual underwriting entity. 
The portion of the total acquisition expenses (as reported in R0040) which relate 
to commission costs.  
By underwriting entity and by EEA country (localisation of activity [based on place of underwriting])  
R0010  EEA country  ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the EEA country where the business is underwritten 
through FPS.  
C0030/R0020  Business underwritten in the 
considered country through 
FPS – Premiums Written 
(gross)  Premiums written by the individual underwriting entity through FPS in the EEA 
country reported in R0010. 
Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the financial year 
in respect of insurance contracts, regardless of the fact that such amounts may 
relate in whole or in part to a later financial year. 
Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the 
written premiums.  
C0030/R0030  Business underwritten in the 
considered country through 
FPS – Claims incurred  Claims incurred by the individual underwriting entity through FPS in the EEA 
country reported in R0010. 
Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: the claims incurred means the sum of the claims paid and the change 
in the provision for claims during the financial year related to insurance contracts. 
The figure for claims incurred shall exclude claims management expenses and the 
movement in provisions in claims management expenses.  
C0030/R0040  Business underwritten in the 
considered country through 
FPS – Acquisition costs  Acquisition expenses by the individual underwriting entity through FPS in the EEA 
country reported in R0010. 
Acquisition expenses include expenses which can be identified at the level of 
individual insurance contract and have been incurred because the entity has 
issued that particular contract. This item shall be reported inclusive of renewal 
expenses. 
These are commission costs, costs of selling, underwriting and initiating an 
insurance contract that has been issued. It includes movements in deferred 
acquisition costs, where applicable.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/647