 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Total solvency capital requirement for market risk  
R0800/C0060  Total market risk – Net 
solvency capital requirement  This is the total net capital charge for all market risks, after loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions, calculated using the standard formula.  
R0800/C0080  Total market risk – Gross 
solvency capital requirement  This is the total gross capital charge for all market risks, excluding loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions, calculated using the standard formula  
S.26.02 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Counterparty default risk  
General comments  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring-fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.02.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) 
and for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reporting  
Z0020  Ring Fenced Fund/Matching 
adjustment portfolios/Re ­
maining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other 
templates.  
R0010/C0010  Simplifications  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of counter 
party default risk. The options in the following closed list shall be used: 
3 – Simplification pooling arrangements, for the purposes of Article 109 
4 – Simplification grouping single name exposures, for the purposes of 
Article 110 
5 – Simplification of the LGD for reinsurance arrangements, Article 112aEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/901