 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0292/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss- 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Equity risk – 
qualifying infrastructure 
equities other than corporate 
equities  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to equity risk (for each kind of 
qualifying infrastructure equities, other than corporate equities), after the shock 
but before the application of the adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0292/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Equity risk – 
qualifying infrastructure 
equities other than corporate 
equities  This is the gross capital charge for equity risk for each kind of qualifying infra ­
structure equities, other than corporate equities, i.e. before the application of the 
adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
Property risk  
R0300/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Property risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the property risk. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0300/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Property 
risk  This is the value of the liabilities sensitive to the property risk. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0300/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Property risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to property risk charge, after the 
property shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0300/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Property risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities underlying property risk charge, after 
the property shock and after the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0300/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – property risk  This is the net capital charge for property risk, after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0300/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – property risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities underlying property risk charge, after 
the property shock but before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0300/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Property risk  This is the gross capital charge for property risk, i.e. before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/885