 
S.37.01 – Risk concentration – Exposure to Counterparties  
General comments:  
This section relates to the at least annually submission of information for groups.  
This template shall include all significant risk concentrations between entities in scope of group supervision and third 
parties which can add up from the risk exposures mentioned in the template irrespective of the choice of calculation 
method or whether sectoral solvency rules have been used for the purposes of the group solvency calculation.  
The aim is to list the significant exposures (value of the exposures in each kind of instrument listed in the template) by 
single counterparty outside the scope of the group. If more than one entity of the group is involved, for each entity a 
separate line is necessary.  
It can be understood as the maximum possible exposure on a contractual basis and not necessarily be reflected on the 
balance sheet, on both gross basis and net basis taking into account any risk mitigation instruments or techniques. 
Thresholds are fixed by the group supervisor after consulting the group itself and the college.  
Data should be reported by legal entity.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Name of the external 
counterparty  This is the name of the external counterparty of the group.  
C0020  Identification code of the 
external counterparty of 
the group  The unique identification code attached to the investor/buyer/transferee by this order of 
priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI); 
— Specific code 
Specific code: 
— For EEA external counterparty: identification code used in the local market, if external 
counterparty is regulated – the one attributed by the external counterparty ‘s competent 
supervisory authority; 
— For non-EEA external counterparties, identification code shall be provided by the group. 
When allocating an identification code to each non-EEA or non-regulated counterparty, 
the group shall comply with the following format in a consistent manner: 
identification code of the group of the external counterparty + ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 
code of the country of the external counterparty + 5 digits  
C0030  ID code type of the 
external counterparty of 
the group  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the external counterparty ’ item. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific codeEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1577