 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Net Reserve risk model data  
R0340  Provision for claims 
outstanding – discounted  The best estimate of claims (net of reinsurance recoverables) that have not been 
settled. It includes all claims not yet settled, reported and not reported. Based on 
Article 77 of Solvency II Directive, the best estimate corresponds to the prob ­
ability-weighted average of future cash-flows, taking account of the time value of 
money (expected present value of future cash-flows), using the relevant risk-free 
interest rate term structure.  
R0350  Premium Provision – 
discounted (only if premium 
provision allocated to reserve 
risk)  The discounted sum of future cash flows that comprise the premium provisions 
net of reinsurance recoverables. This cell should be filled in if the premium 
provision at the reporting reference date is allocated to reserve risk.  
R0360  Solvency Capital Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings need to 
face their risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each 
internal line of business, SII LoB and aggregate level based on net of reinsurance 
data.  
R0370  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained based on 
the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on discounted basis).  
R0380  Simulated (output) standard 
deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output 
obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on discounted 
basis).  
R0390-R0600  Percentiles from 0.001 to 
0.999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in 
the table related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation 
process (net of reinsurance and on discounted basis).  
Gross Premium risk model data  
Z0020  Risk type  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Non-life and NSLT health premium risk aggregated jointly with implicit 
catastrophe risk 
2 – Non-life and NSLT health premium risk aggregated jointly 
3 – Non-life underwriting premium risk with implicit catastrophe risk 
4 – Non-life underwriting premium risk  
C0100  Diversified premium risk 
excluding explicit Catastrophe 
Risk  Aggregate premium risk gross/net of reinsurance after applying diversification 
effects among different risks. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium risk, 
otherwise catastrophe risk will be reported using separate codes described in the 
‘DISTRIBUTION OF LOSSES FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG 
file.  
C0110  SII Line of Business  Premium risk gross/net of reinsurance for each Solvency II LoB.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/971