 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Portfolio  
C0010/R0080  Market value of the assets of 
the portfolio  Solvency II value of the assets of the portfolio.  
C0010/R0090  Market value of assets linked 
to inflation  Solvency II value of the assets with return linked to inflation (Article 77b(1) of 
Directive 2009/138/EC).  
C0010/R0100  Best estimate linked to 
inflation  Amount of best estimate of cash flows of the insurance or reinsurance obligations 
that depend on inflation.  
C0010/R0110  Market value assets where 
third party can change the 
cash flows  Value of the assets where third party can change the cash flows (Article 77b(1) of 
Directive 2009/138/EC).  
C0010/R0120  Return on assets – portfolio 
assets  Identify the de–risked Internal Rate of Return (‘IRR’) of the assets linked to any 
matching adjustment portfolio measured as the discount rate at which the present 
value of the cash outflows of an asset equals the present value of its de–risked 
cash inflows.  
C0010/R0130  Market value of surrendered 
contracts  Value of the best estimate of the insurance and reinsurance obligations stemming 
from contracts underlying each matching adjustment portfolio which have been 
surrendered during the reporting period.  
C0010/R0140  Number of surrender options 
exercised  Number of surrender options exercised during the reporting period related to 
insurance and reinsurance obligations of each matching portfolio.  
C0010/R0150  Market value of assets covering 
surrendered contracts  Value of the assets, valued in accordance with Article 75 of the Directive 
2009/138/EC, covering the insurance and reinsurance obligations surrendered at 
the time the surrender options were exercised.  
C0010/R0160  Amount paid to policyholders  Value of the amount paid to policyholders according to their surrender rights. 
This amount differs from row R0130 and R0150 where the surrender clause of 
the contract does not give the policyholder the right to receive the full amount in 
those rows.  
Liabilities  
C0010/R0170  Duration  Measure equivalent to Macaulay duration for liabilities considering all cash flows 
of insurance or reinsurance obligations arising from portfolios where the 
matching adjustment has been used.  
S.22.04 – Information on the transitional on interest rates calculation  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported by currency for which the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure is applied. When filling C0020 only the guaranteed Best Estimate of obligations stemming from products 
providing a guaranteed rate shall be considered. The Future Discretionary Benefits shall not be considered.  
The assessment to distinguish between the Solvency I interest rate intervals might be done by Homogeneous Risk 
Groups (HRG).EN  L 120/804 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023