 
ITEMS  INSTRUCTIONS  
In case the reporting currency is in Euros, one of the following 5 base options for 
the distribution of the underwriting risks can be used: 
1 – 20 brackets of 25000 plus 1 extra bracket for Sum Insured > 500 000. 
2 – 20 brackets of 50000 plus 1 extra bracket for Sum Insured > 1 million. 
3 – 20 brackets of 250 000 plus 1 extra bracket for Sum Insured > 5 million. 
4 – 20 brackets of 1 million plus 1 extra bracket for Sum Insured > 20 million. 
5 – 20 brackets of 5 million plus 1 extra bracket for Sum Insured > 100 million. 
However, an undertaking shall use undertaking specific brackets, in particular 
when Sum Insured < 100 000 to guarantee that the level of detail is sufficient 
to provide adequate insight in the distribution of the claims incurred, unless 
already specified by the supervisory authority. 
For policies where there is no Sum Insured defined in the policy the undertaking 
shall do their own estimations or use default values. 
The option chosen needs to be used consistently over the reporting periods, 
unless the distribution of claims changes significantly. 
For different reporting currencies National Supervisory Authorities need to define 
the equivalent options for the amounts to be used in the 20 brackets.  
C0030/R0010 – 
R0200  End sum insured  End amount of the interval within which the sum insured of the individual 
underwriting risk belongs and needs to be aggregated.  
C0040/R0010 – 
R0210  Number of underwriting risks  The number of underwriting risks whose sum insured falls within the start 
amount and end amount of the applicable bracket.  
C0040/R0220  Number of underwriting risks 
– Total  Total number of underwriting risks reported in all brackets.  
C0050/R0010 – 
R0210  Total sum insured  The aggregated amount of the sum insured, on a gross basis and using the 
reporting currency, of all the individual underwriting risks, whose sum insured 
falls within the start amount and end amount of the applicable bracket.  
C0050/R0220  Total sum insured – Total  Total of the aggregated amounts of the sum insured, on a gross basis and using 
the reporting currency, of all the individual underwriting risks reported in all 
brackets.  
C0060/R0010 – 
R0210  Total annual written premium  The aggregated amount of the written premium as defined in Article 1(11) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35of the underlying underwriting risks.  
C0060/R0220  Total annual written premium 
– Total  Total of the aggregated amounts of the annual written premium reported in all 
brackets.EN  L 120/784 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023