 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0930/R2750  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total  Total for all types of cover of the estimated risk mitigation.  
C0940/R2700 – 
R2740  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Type of cover  The estimated reinstatement premiums, per type of cover, as a result of the 
undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating 
to risks arising from Liability.  
C0940/R2750  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total  Total for all types of cover of the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0950/R2700 – 
R2740  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability after risk mitigation – 
Type of cover  Capital requirement, per type of cover, after the deduction of the risk mitigating 
effect of the undertaking’s specific retrocession contracts and special purpose 
vehicles, relating to risks arising from Liability.  
C0950/R2750  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability after risk mitigation – 
Total  Total for all types of cover of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the 
risk mitigating effect of the undertaking’s specific retrocession contracts and 
special purpose vehicles, relating to risks arising from Liability.  
C0960/R2800  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability before risk mitigation 
– Total before diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation, before diversification 
effect between types of cover, for liability risks.  
C0960/R2810  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability before risk mitigation 
– Diversification between type 
of cover  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different type of covers for liability risks.  
C0960/R2820  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability before risk mitigation 
– Total after diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation, after diversification 
effect between the types of covers, for liability risks.  
C0970/R2800  Estimated Total Risk Miti ­
gation – Total before diversifi ­
cation  This is the estimated total risk mitigation, before diversification effect between 
types of cover, for liability risks.  
C0980/R2800  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability after risk mitigation – 
Total before diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation, before diversification 
effect between types of cover, for liability risks.  
C0980/R2810  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability after risk mitigation – 
Diversification between type of 
cover  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different type of covers for liability risks.  
C0980/R2820  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability after risk mitigation – 
Total after diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation, after diversification effect 
between the types of covers, for liability risks.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1017