 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060, C0080, 
C0100, C0120, 
C0140, C0160, 
C0180, C0200, 
C0220, C0240, 
C0260, C0280, 
C0300, C0320, 
C0340/R0300  Total claims incurred AY/UWY 
year N:N–14 – Total  Total of the accumulated and aggregated claims incurred for all brackets for each 
of the years N to N–14.  
S.21.02 – Underwriting risks non–life  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual undertakings.  
Template shall be filled in relation to non–life business (including Non–SLT Health) only for direct business.  
In this template the 20 biggest single underwriting risks, based on net retention, across all lines of business, as defined 
in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, shall be reported. If the 2 biggest single underwriting risks for any of 
the lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 are not covered through the above 
methodology, then they shall be reported in addition. In case a single underwriting risk of a specific line of business 
forms part of the top 20, the same risk of the affected line of business must only be filled in once.  
Net retention of the single underwriting risk means the maximum possible liability of the undertaking after the 
recoverables from reinsurers (including SPV and Finite Reinsurance) and the original deductible of the policyholder 
has been taken into account. In case the net retention is equal for too many risks the policy with the highest Sum 
insured shall be used as a second criteria. In case the Sum insured is also the same and the most appropriate risk 
considering the risk profile of the undertaking must be used as the ultimate criteria.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Risk identification code  The code is a unique identifying number assigned by the undertaking that 
identifies the risk and shall remain unchanged for subsequent annual reports.  
C0020  Identification of the company/ 
person to which the risk 
relates  If the risk relates to a company identify the name of the company to whom the 
risk relates. 
If the risk relates to a natural person, pseudonymise the original policy number 
and report pseudonymised information. Pseudonymous data refer to data that 
cannot be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional 
information, as long as such additional information is kept separately. Consistency 
over time shall be insured. It implies that if a single underwriting risk appears 
from one year to another, it shall receive the same pseudonymised format.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/779