 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030  For the products commer ­
cialised under this product 
category/LOB, which 
proportion (measured by gross 
written premiums) covers 
climate related perils? (0-100)  Climate-related perils includes events such as flooding, heat waves, landslides, 
droughts or wildfires for example). Considering that under one line of business 
there could be multiple products some covering and other not covering climate 
related perils, please report here the percentage of products in this category 
(measured by gross written premiums) that covers at least one aspect of 
climate-related perils, between 0 and 100.  
C0040  If the product covers climate 
related perils does the product 
design make allowance for 
risk-prevention measures? 
(Yes/No/Not applicable)  If this line of business contains at least one product that covers at least one aspect 
of climate-related perils, please indicate with ‘Yes’ or ‘No’ if some of these 
products include risk-prevention measures in their design. 
Prevention measures in this context refers to things such as financial incentives for 
the policyholder to mitigate the underlying insured risk (e.g. through rebates on 
premiums or lower deductibles) or tailored risk expertise provided by the insurer 
to advise the policyholder on the available risk mitigation measures to implement.  
C0050  Number of contracts at the 
end of the year  Number of contracts attached to each product falling under the relevant line of 
business. Contracts with more than one policyholder count as only one contract. 
In case of inactive policyholders (no premium paid) the contract shall be reported 
anyway unless the contract is cancelled.  
C0060  Number of new contracts 
during year  Number of new contracts during reporting year (this is for all new contracts 
including those that are renewed). 
New contract refer to contract written during the year with respect to other 
ongoing contracts written in previous years. 
Contracts with more than one policyholder count as only one contract. 
In case of inactive policyholders (no premium paid) the contract shall be reported 
anyway unless the contract is cancelled.  
C0070  Total amount of Gross Written 
premiums – written directly by 
the insurance undertaking  Total amount of gross written premiums as defined in Article 1(11) of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 written directly by the insurance undertaking.  
C0080  Total amount of Gross Written 
premiums – written via credit 
institutions  Total amount of gross written premiums as defined in Article 1(11) of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 written via credit institutions acting as insurance 
distributors.  
C0090  Total amount of Gross Written 
premiums – written via 
insurance distributors other 
than credit institutions  Total amount of gross written premiums as defined in Article 1(11) of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 written via insurance distributors other than credit 
institutions.  
C0100  Total amount of commissions 
paid during year  Commissions should include any form of monetary benefits which is paid to an 
insurance distributor by any other person than the customer or a third party 
acting on behalf of the customer, in relation to insurance distribution activities. 
Whereas commissions are generally calculated as a percentage of the premium 
paid by the customer for insurance coverage, this applies for any type of payment 
made to an insurance distributor (e.g., paid/received initially based on the 
conclusion of an insurance contract or paid/received on a recurring basis).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/739