 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Solvency Capital Requirements  
C0070/R0200  Total undiversified 
counterparty default risk  This is the total amount of the capital charge for counterparty default risk before any 
diversification effects.  
C0070/R0210  Diversification: 
counterparty default risk  This is the amount of gross diversification effects allowed in aggregation of capital 
requirements for counterparty default risk for Type 1 and Type 2 exposures. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value.  
C0070/R0220  Diversified risk: 
counterparty default risk  This is the total amount of the capital charge for counterparty default risk.  
S.26.13 – Internal model: Non-Life & Health NSLT Underwriting risk  
General comments : 
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and groups.  
This template collects information on Non-Life and Health NSLT underwriting risk in the following different risk 
granularities gross and net of reinsurance (  1 ): 
— Premium and Reserve Risk: Premium and Reserve Risk data including Cat.  
— Catastrophe Risk (Cat): Catastrophe Risk data.  
— Premium & Reserve Risk (Excluding explicit Cat): Premium and Reserve Risk data excluding explicit Cat.  
— Premium Risk: The premium risk distribution should be such that its mean reflects an expected profit or loss 
including the movement of Premium Provisions over the year. Results should exclude Cat.  
— Reserve Risk: The Reserve Risk distribution should be such that its mean is approximately zero, as there is no 
expected profit in a Best Estimate. Results should exclude Cat.  
— Within Premium and Reserve Risk the following two segmentations are requested:  
— Solvency 2 Lines of Business (S2LoB): As defined in Annex II of the Delegated Regulation, based on lines of 
business (LoBs) defined in Annex I.  
— Internal Model Lines of Business (IntLoB): Is understood as the most granular level from the internal model direct 
outputs at which the probability distribution function of the losses and SCR are available. IntLoBs are expected 
to be used for internal reporting as well as the management of the capital positions by the undertaking. IntLoBs 
typically are close to the parameterisation level. They should enable an understanding of the internal model 
specific behaviour.EN  L 120/1452 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023  
( 1 ) Co-Insurance on direct business: For leading insurance undertakings the full proportion of business is understood to be repor ted as 
gross direct business, whereby the proportion shared with non-leading insurers is considered to be treated as outward reinsuran ce,