 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0220  Initial date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date when obligations under the 
contract come into effect. 
When various dates occur for the same derivative, report only the one regarding 
the first trade date of the derivative and only one row for each derivative (no 
different rows for each trade) reflecting the total amount invested in that 
derivative considering the different dates of trade. 
In case of novation, the novation date becomes the trade date for that derivative.  
C0230  Duration  Derivative duration, defined as the residual modified duration, for derivatives for 
which a duration measure is applicable. 
Calculated as the net duration between in and out flows from the derivative, when 
applicable.  
C0240  Solvency II value  Value of the derivative as of the reporting date calculated as defined by Article 75 
of Directive 2009/138/EC. It can be positive, negative or zero.  
C0250  Valuation method  Identify the valuation method used when valuing derivatives. One of the options 
in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – quoted market price in active markets for the same assets or liabilities 
2 – quoted market price in active markets for similar assets or liabilities 
3 – alternative valuation methods 
6 – market valuation according to Article 9(4) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Information on derivatives  
C0040  Derivative ID Code  Derivative ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available, 
and must be consistent over time  
C0050  Derivative ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Derivative ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO/6166 for ISIN 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code)EN  L 120/692 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023