 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0051/C0010  Simplifications – NSLT 
lapse risk  Identify whether an undertaking within the scope of group for the SCR calculation 
used simplifications for the calculation of lapse risk. The following options shall 
be used: 
1 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 96a 
9 – Simplifications not used  
R0060/C0010  Simplifications used: 
health expense risk  Identify whether an undertaking within the scope of group supervision used 
simplifications for the calculation of health expense risk. The following options 
shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0060/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0500.  
SLT health under ­
writing risk  
R0100/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Health mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to health mortality risk, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0100/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Health mortality risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to health mortality risk, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Health 
mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to health mortality risk charge, 
after the shock (i.e. permanent increase in mortality rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0100/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Health 
mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to health mortality risk charge, after the shock (i.e. 
permanent increase in mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Health mortality risk  This is the net capital charge for health mortality risk, after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for health mortality 
risk calculated using simplifications.EN  L 120/1390 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023