 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0160  Subordinated mutual member 
account – Buy back during the 
year  Explanation if the item has been bought back during the year.  
C0190  Description of preference 
shares  This shall list individual preference shares  
C0200  Preference shares – Amount  This is the amount of the preference shares.  
C0210  Preference shares – Counted 
under transitionals?  This shall indicate whether the preference shares are counted under the transi ­
tional provisions. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Counted under transitionals 
2 – Not counted under transitionals  
C0220  Preference shares – 
Counterparty (if specific)  This shall list the holder of the preference shares if limited to a single party. If the 
shares are broadly issued, no data is required.  
C0230  Preference shares – Issue date  This is the issue date of the preference share. This shall be in ISO 8601 format 
(yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0240  Preference shares – First call 
date  This is the first call date of the preference share. This shall be in ISO 8601 format 
(yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0250  Preference shares – Details of 
further call dates  These are the further call dates of the preference shares.  
C0260  Preference shares – Details of 
incentives to redeem  These are the incentives to redeem the preference share.  
C0270  Description of subordinated 
liabilities  This shall list the individual subordinated liabilities for an individual undertaking.  
C0280  Subordinated liabilities – 
Amount  This is the amount of individual subordinated liabilities.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/845