 
Information on derivatives  
C0260  Counterparty Name  Name of the counterparty of the derivative. When available, this item shall correspond to the 
entity name in LEI database. When not available, it shall correspond to the legal name. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Name of the exchange market for exchanged traded derivatives; or 
— Name of Central Counterparty (CCP) for Over–The–Counter derivatives where they are 
cleared through a CCP; or 
— Name of the contractual counterparty for the other Over–The–Counter derivatives.  
C0270  Counterparty Code  Identification code of the counterparty using the following priority: 
— LEI, when available; 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when LEI is not available, which shall be consistent 
over time. 
This item is applicable to all counterparties, including for derivatives cleared through a 
central counterparty, in which case the Counterparty code refers to that central counterparty.  
C0280  Type of counterparty 
code  Identification of the code used for the ‘Counterparty Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0290  External rating  Only applicable to Over–The–Counter derivatives. 
The rating of the counterparty of the derivative at the reporting reference date as provided by 
the nominated credit assessment institution (ECAI). 
This item is not applicable to derivatives for which undertakings using internal model use 
internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use internal rating, this item 
shall be reported. 
If an issuer rating is not available, the item shall be left blank. 
In case ‘Multiple ECAI’ is reported in C0300 the most representative external rating shall be 
reported.  
C0300  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in C0290, by using 
the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In case of ratings issued by 
subsidiaries of the ECAI the parent ECAI shall be reported (the reference is made to ESMA 
list of credit rating agencies registered or certified in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies). 
— This item shall be reported when External rating (C0290) is reported.EN  L 120/1220 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023