 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0410/C0100  Total amount of notional 
Solvency Capital Requirements 
for remaining part  Amount of the notional SCRs of remaining part when undertaking has RFF.  
R0420/C0100  Total amount of Notional 
Solvency Capital Requirements 
for ring-fenced funds  Amount of the sum of notional SCRs of all ring-fenced funds when undertaking 
has RFF (other than those related to business operated in accordance with 
Article 4 of Directive 2003/41/EC (transitional)).  
R0430/C0100  Total amount of Notional 
Solvency Capital Requirements 
for matching adjustment port ­
folios  Amount of the sum of notional SCRs of all matching adjustment portfolios 
This item does not have to be reported when reporting SCR calculation at RFF or 
matching adjustment portfolio level.  
R0440/C0100  Diversification effects due to 
RFF nSCR aggregation for 
Article 304  Amount of the adjustment for a diversification effect between ring-fenced funds 
under Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC and the remaining part where 
applicable. 
It shall be equal to the difference between the sum of the nSCR for each RFF/ 
MAP/RP and the SCR reported in R0200/C0100.  
R0450/C0100  Method used to calculate the 
adjustment due to RFF nSCR 
aggregation  Method used to calculate the adjustment due to RFF nSCR aggregation. One of the 
following options shall be used: 
1 – Full recalculation 
2 – Simplification at risk sub-module level 
3 – Simplification at risk module level 
4 – No adjustment 
When the undertaking has no RFF (or have only RFF under Article 304 of 
Directive 2009/138/EC) it shall select option 4. 
Applicable only for partial internal models.  
R0460/C0100  Net future discretionary 
benefits  Amount of technical provisions without risk margin in relation to future discre ­
tionary benefits net of reinsurance.  
Approach to tax rate if calculated under the standard formula  
R0590/C0109  Approach based on average 
tax rate  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Yes 
2 – No 
3 – Not applicable as the adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of deferred 
taxes (LAC DT) is not used (in this case R0600 to R0690 are not applicable) 
See EIOPA Guidelines on loss-absorbing capacity of technical provisions and 
deferred taxes.EN  L 120/876 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023