 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0640/C0130  Amount/estimate of LAC DT  Amount/estimate of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in 
accordance with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. The LAC 
amount of this cell shall be the same as the value in the cell R0310/C0100 in 
S.25.05.01.  
R0650/C0130  Amount/estimate of LAC DT 
justified by reversion of 
deferred tax liabilities  Amount/estimate of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in 
accordance with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, justified 
by reversion of deferred tax liabilities.  
R0660/C0130  Amount/estimate of LAC DT 
justified by reference to 
probable future taxable 
economic profit  Amount/estimate of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in 
accordance with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, justified 
by reference to probable future taxable economic profit.  
R0670/C0130  Amount/estimate of LAC DT 
justified by carry back, current 
year  Amount/estimate of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in 
accordance with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, justified 
by profits from past years. Amount of the losses allocated to the next year.  
R0680/C0130  Amount/estimate of LAC DT 
justified by carry back, future 
years  Amount/estimate of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in 
accordance with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, justified 
by profits from past years Amount of losses allocated to the years after next year.  
R0690/C0130  Amount/estimate of Maximum 
LAC DT  Maximum amount of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes that could be 
available, before the assessment whether the increase in net deferred tax assets 
can be used for the purposes of the adjustment, as provided for in Article 207(2) 
of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
S.26.01 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Market risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring-fenced funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
The template SR.26.01.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) 
and for the remaining part. However, where a RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
Amounts before and after shock shall be filled in with the amount of assets and liabilities sensitive to that shock. For the 
liabilities the assessment shall be done at the most granular level available between contract and homogeneous risk 
group. This means that if a contract/HRG is sensitive to a shock the amount of liabilities associated to that 
contract/HRG shall be reported as amount sensitive to that shock.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reportingEN  L 120/878 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023