 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030  Description risk  The description of the risk. Depending on the line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, report the type of company, 
building or occupation of the specific risk insured.  
C0040  Line of business  Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Medical expense insurance 
2 – Income protection insurance 
3 – Workers’ compensation insurance 
4 – Motor vehicle liability insurance 
5 – Other motor insurance 
6 – Marine, aviation and transport insurance 
7 – Fire and other damage to property insurance 
8 – General liability insurance 
9 – Credit and suretyship insurance 
10 – Legal expenses insurance 
11 – Assistance 
12 – Miscellaneous financial loss  
C0050  Description risk category 
covered  The description of the risk category covered is entity specific and is not 
mandatory. Also the term ‘risk category’ isn’t based on Level 1 and 2 
terminologies but can be considered as an extra possibility to give additional 
information about the underwriting risk(s).  
C0060  Validity period (start date)  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date of commencement of the 
specific cover, i.e., date when the cover took effect.  
C0070  Validity period (expiry date)  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the final expiry date of the specific 
cover.  
C0080  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the original currency.  
C0090  Sum insured  The highest amount that the insurer can be obliged to pay out under the policy. 
The insured sum relates to the underwriting risk. 
Where the policy covers a number of exposures/risks across the country the 
individual underwriting risk with the highest net retention shall be specified. If 
the risk has been accepted on a co–insurance basis, the insured sum indicates the 
maximum liability of the reporting non–life insurer. In case of a joint several 
liability, the part belonging to a defaulting co–insurer must be included as well.  
C0100  Original deductible policy ­
holder  Part of the sum insured which is retained by the policyholder.EN  L 120/780 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023