 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090  Asset ID Code  Asset ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available. 
This code must be unique and kept consistent over time. 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies, it is necessary to specify the Asset ID code and the 
ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, as in the following example: ‘code 
+ EUR’  
C0100  Asset ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Asset ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO 6166 for ISIN code 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies and the code in C0090 is defined by Asset ID code 
and the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, the Asset ID Code Type shall 
refer to option 99 and the option of the original Asset ID Code, as in the 
following example for which the code reported was ISIN code + currency: ‘99/1’.  
C0110  Total  This is the total value held in the participation (not yet the amount to be 
deducted). 
These are participations in financial and credit institutions which when aggregated 
exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i),(ii),(iv) and (vi) of Article 69 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, not including consolidated strategic participations.  
C0120  Common Equity Tier 1  This is the value of Common Equity Tier 1 held in the participation (not only the 
part to be deducted). 
Common Equity Tier 1 has the meaning as defined in the relevant sector rules. 
These are participations in financial and credit institutions which when aggregated 
exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i), (ii), (iv) and (vi) of Article 69 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, not including consolidated strategic participations.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/851