 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090/R0020  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Basic own funds  Amount of the adjustment to the basic own funds due to the application of the 
matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the volatility adjustment 
and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the basic own funds calculated considering the 
technical provisions without matching adjustment and without all the other transitional 
measures and the basic own funds calculated with the technical provisions reported 
under C0060.  
C0100/R0020  Impact of all LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Basic own funds  Amount of the adjustment to the basic own funds due to the application of the LTG 
measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0030  Amount with LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Basic own 
funds – Excess of assets 
over liabilities  Total amount of excess of assets over liabilities calculated considering technical 
provisions including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures and 
transitional measures.  
C0020/R0030  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Basic own funds – Excess 
of assets over liabilities  Total amount of excess of assets over liabilities calculated considering technical 
provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical provi ­
sions, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching 
adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0030  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Basic own funds – Excess 
of assets over liabilities  Amount of the adjustment to the excess of assets over liabilities due to the application 
of the transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the excess of assets over liabilities calculated 
considering the technical provisions without transitional deduction to technical 
provisions and the excess of assets over liabilities calculated with the technical 
provisions with LTG and transitional measures.  
C0040/R0030  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own 
funds – Excess of assets 
over liabilities  Total amount of excess of assets over liabilities calculated considering technical 
provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to the relevant 
risk-free interest rate term structure, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility 
adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is not 
applicable report the same amount as in C0020.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1247