 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020/R0050  Variation of Technical 
Provisions as a whole  Part of TP calculated as a whole corresponding to risks accepted prior to period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0050.  
C0020/R0060  Net variation for index-linked 
and unit-linked business  See instructions on C0010/R0060.  
C0020/R0070  Total  Total of changes related to risks accepted to prior, gross of reinsurance.  
Detailed analysis 
per period – 
Technical flows 
versus Technical 
provisions – AY  
Risks covered 
after the period  
C0030/R0080  Written premiums  Corresponds to part of written premiums related to risks covered after the period, 
i.e. premiums to be earned after the period. 
In addition, allocation keys may be used to identify this part of the premiums 
affected to risks covered after the period.  
C0030/R0090  Claims and benefits – net of 
salvages and subrogations 
recovered  Corresponds to part of claims and benefits, net of salvages and subrogations 
related to risks covered after the period (theoretically at nil). 
See instructions on C0010/R0020.  
C0030/R0100  Expenses (related to insurance 
and reinsurance obligations)  Part of the expenses during the period that corresponds to risks covered after the 
period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0030.  
C0030/R0110  Variation of Best Estimate  This variation of BE shall correspond to the sum of cells C0050/R0190 from 
template S.29.03 and C0060/R0190 from template S.29.03. if the analysis in 
S.29.03 is performed on a line of business basis. 
The amount refers to changes in (part of) Premiums Provisions (i.e. in relation to 
all recognised obligations within the boundary of the contract at the valuation 
date where the claim has not yet occurred) as follows: 
— Identify the part of premiums provisions at end of year (N) related to a 
coverage period starting after the closing year-end N 
— Identify the part of premiums provisions at the end of year (N – 1) related to 
a coverage period starting after the closing year-end N (i.e. in case of 
premiums provisions in relation to obligations on more than one future 
reporting period)EN  L 120/1060 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023