 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030/R0090  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Man–made catastrophe risk  This is the total catastrophe risk after risk mitigation arising from all man–made 
catastrophe perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect between 
the perils given in C0030/R0160.  
C0030/R0100 – 
R0150  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Man–made catastrophe risk 
perils  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation per man–made catas ­
trophe peril, taking into consideration the diversification effect between sub– 
perils. 
Per man–made peril this amount is equal to the Catastrophe Risk Charge after risk 
mitigation.  
C0030/R0160  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Diversification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different man–made catastrophe perils.  
C0010/R0170  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Other non–life catastrophe risk  This is the total catastrophe risk before risk mitigation arising from all ‘other non– 
life’ perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect between the 
perils given in C0010/R0180.  
C0010/R0180  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Diversification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different ‘other non–life’ perils.  
C0020/R0170  Total risk mitigation – Other 
non–life catastrophe risk  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles arising from all ‘other non–life’ perils and 
taking into consideration the diversification effect between the perils given in 
C0020/R0180.  
C0020/R0180  Total risk mitigation – Diver ­
sification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the risk mitigation effect of 
the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to different ‘other non–life’ perils.  
C0030/R0170  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Other non–life catastrophe risk  This is the total catastrophe risk after risk mitigation arising from all ‘other non– 
life’ catastrophe perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect 
between the perils given in C0030/R0180.  
C0030/R0180  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Diversification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different ‘other non–life’ catastrophe perils.  
C0010/R0190  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Total Non–life catastrophe risk 
before diversification  This is the total catastrophe risk before risk mitigation arising from all the sub– 
modules (Natural catastrophe, Non–proportional property reinsurance, Man–made 
and ‘Other non–life’ catastrophe risks) before the diversification effect between the 
sub–modules.  
C0010/R0200  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Diversification between sub– 
modules  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different sub–modules (Natural catastrophe, 
Non–proportional property reinsurance, Man–made and ‘Other non–life’ catas ­
trophe risks).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/993