 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070  Fund number  Applicable to assets held in ring fenced funds or other internal funds defined at national 
level, in particular regarding funds (asset portfolios) supporting life products. 
Number or code which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the unique number 
or code assigned to each fund. This number or code has to be consistent over time and shall 
be used to identify the same funds in other templates (e.g. in S.08.01). It shall not be re–used 
for a different fund. 
The fund number is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory 
authority.  
C0080  Matching portfolio 
number  Number or code which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the unique number 
or code assigned to each matching adjustment portfolio as prescribed in Article 77b(1)(a) of 
Directive 2009/138/EC. This number or code has to be consistent over time and shall be 
used to identify the matching adjustment portfolio in other templates. It shall not be re–used 
for a different matching adjustment portfolio.  
C0090  Asset held in unit linked 
and index linked 
contracts  Identify the assets that are held by unit linked and index linked contracts. One of the options 
in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Unit–linked or index–linked 
2 – Neither unit–linked nor index–linked  
C0100  Asset pledged as 
collateral  Identify assets kept in the undertaking’s balance–sheet that are pledged as collateral. For 
partially pledged assets two rows for each asset shall be reported, one for the pledged 
amount and another for the remaining part. One of the options in the following closed 
list shall be used for the asset: 
1 – Assets in the balance sheet that are collateral pledged 
2 – Collateral for reinsurance accepted 
3 – Collateral for securities borrowed 
4 – Repos 
9 – Not collateral  
C0110  Country of custody  ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the country where undertaking assets are held in custody. For 
identifying international custodians, such as Euroclear, the country of custody will be the one 
where the custody service was contractually defined.EN  L 120/1188 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023