 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050/R0170  Value of material currencies – 
Any other liabilities  Report the value of any other liabilities for each of the currencies required to be 
reported separately.  
C0020/R0200  Total value of all currencies – 
Total liabilities  Report the total value of the total liabilities for all currencies.  
C0030/R0200  Value of the reporting 
currency – Total liabilities  Report the value of total liabilities for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0200  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Total liabilities  Report the total value of total liabilities for the remaining currencies that are not 
reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0200) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0200).  
C0050/R0200  Value of material currencies – 
Total liabilities  Report the value of total liabilities for each of the currency required to be reported 
separately.  
S.03.01 – Off–balance sheet items – General  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This section includes the information referring to off–balance sheet items and the maximum and solvency II value of 
contingent liabilities in Solvency II balance sheet.  
A pool of assets that secure an investment (e.g. the pool of assets that are a collateral for covered bonds) should not be 
reported in this template.  
As regards the Solvency II value, the instructions define the items from a recognition perspective. Valuation principles 
are laid down in Directive 2009/138/EC, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, Technical Standards issued under 
Directive 2009/138/EC and EIOPA Guidelines.  
Guarantees require the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs if a specified debtor 
fails to make payment when due under the original or modified terms of a debt instrument. These guarantees can have 
various legal forms, such as financial guarantees, letters of credit, credit default contracts. These items shall not include 
guarantees stemming from insurance contracts, which are recognised in technical provisions.  
A contingent liability is defined as:  
a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or 
non–occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or  
b) a present obligation that arises from past events even if:  
i. it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the 
obligation; or  
ii. the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/635