 
For group reporting the following specific requirements shall be met:  
a) The information until R0470 (S.25.05.04.02) is applicable when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 
2009/138/EC is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 
2009/138/EC;  
b) When combination method is being used, the information until R0470 (S.25.05.04.02) is to be submitted only for 
the part of the group calculated with method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
Template SR.25.05 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation–based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
Partial internal model:  
All rows for C0010 refer to the amount of the capital charge for each component regardless of the method of 
calculation (either standard formula or partial internal model), after the adjustments for loss-absorbing capacity of 
technical provision and/or deferred taxes when they are embedded in the component calculation.  
For the components Loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions and/or deferred taxes when reported as a separate 
component it should be the amount of the loss-absorbing capacity (these amounts should be reported as negative 
values)  
For components calculated using the standard formula this cell represents the gross nSCR. For components calculated 
using the partial internal model, this represents the value considering the future management actions with are embedded 
in the calculation, but not whose which are modelled as a separate component.  
These amounts shall fully consider diversification effects according to Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC where 
applicable.  
When applicable, these cells do not include the allocation of the adjustment due to the aggregation of the nSCR of the 
RFF/MAP at entity level.  
Template SR.25.05 shall be reported by ring-fenced fund, matching adjustment portfolio and the remaining part for 
every group under a partial internal model. This includes undertakings where a partial internal model is applied to a full 
ring-fenced fund and/or matching adjustment portfolio while the other ring-fenced funds and/or matching adjustment 
portfolios are under the standard formula. This template should be reported for all sub-funds of a material RFF/MAP as 
identified in the second table of S.01.03.  
For those groups under a partial internal model to which the adjustment due to the aggregation of the nSCR of 
RFF/MAP is applicable, where the entity has MAP or RFF (except those under the scope of Article 304 of Directive 
2009/138/EC) when reporting at the level of the whole undertaking, the nSCR at risk module level and the loss- 
absorbing capacity (LAC) of technical provisions and deferred taxes to be reported shall be calculated as follows:EN  L 120/1336 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023