 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020/R0240  Value of guarantee/collateral/ 
contingent liabilities – Other 
collateral pledged  Solvency II value of the collateral pledged for other collateral.  
C0020/R0300  Value of guarantee/collateral/ 
contingent liabilities – Total 
collateral pledged  Total Solvency II value of the collateral pledged.  
C0040/R0210  Value of liabilities for which 
collateral is pledged – 
Collateral pledged for loans 
received or bonds issued  Solvency II value of the liabilities for which the collateral for loans received or 
bonds issued is pledged.  
C0040/R0220  Value of liabilities for which 
collateral is pledged – 
Collateral pledged for deriva ­
tives  Solvency II value of the liabilities for which the collateral for derivatives is 
pledged.  
C0040/R0230  Value of liabilities for which 
collateral is pledged – Assets 
pledged to cedants for 
technical provisions 
(reinsurance accepted)  Solvency II value of the liabilities for which the assets are pledged to cedants for 
technical provisions (reinsurance accepted).  
C0040/R0240  Value of liabilities for which 
collateral is pledged – Other 
collateral pledged  Solvency II value of the liabilities for which other collateral is pledged.  
C0040/R0300  Value of liabilities for which 
collateral is pledged – Total 
collateral pledged  Total Solvency II value of the liabilities for which the collateral is pledged.  
C0010/R0310  Maximum value – Contingent 
liabilities not in Solvency II 
Balance Sheet  Maximum possible value, regardless of their probability (i.e. future cash out–flows 
required to settle the contingent liability over the lifetime of that contingent 
liability, discounted at the relevant risk–free interest rate term structure) of 
contingent liabilities that are not included in those valued in Solvency II 
Balance Sheet (item C0010/R0740 of S.02.01). 
This shall relate to contingent liabilities that are not material. 
This amount shall include guarantees reported in R0010 if considered as 
contingent liabilities.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/639