 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0520/C0020  Preference shares –Tier 2 – 
increase  This is the increase in Tier 2 preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0520/C0030  Preference shares –Tier 2 – 
reduction  This is the reduction in Tier 2 preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0520/C0060  Preference shares –Tier 2 – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 2 preference shares carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
R0530/C0010  Preference shares –Tier 3 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of Tier 3 preference shares brought forward from the previous 
reporting period.  
R0530/C0020  Preference shares –Tier 3 – 
increase  This is the increase in Tier 3 preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0530/C0030  Preference shares –Tier 3 – 
reduction  This is the reduction in Tier 3 preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0530/C0060  Preference shares –Tier 3 – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 3 preference shares carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
R0600/C0010  Total preference shares – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of total preference shares brought forward from the previous 
reporting period.  
R0600/C0020  Total preference shares – 
increase  This is the increase in total preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0600/C0030  Total preference shares – 
reduction  This is the reduction in total preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0600/C0060  Total preference shares – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of total preference shares carried forward to the next reporting 
period.  
Share premium relating to preference shares  
R0610/C0010  Share premium relating to 
preference shares – Tier 1 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of the share premium account relating to preference shares 
that is tier 1 brought forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0610/C0020  Share premium relating to 
preference shares – Tier 1 – 
increase  This is the increase in the share premium account relating to preference shares 
that is tier 1 over the reporting period.  
R0610/C0030  Share premium relating to 
preference shares – Tier 1 – 
reduction  This is the reduction in the share premium account relating to preference shares 
that is tier 1 over the reporting period.  
R0610/C0060  Share premium relating to 
preference shares – Tier 1 – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of the share premium account relating to preference shares 
that is tier 1 carried forward to the next reporting period.  
R0620/C0010  Share premium relating to 
preference shares –Tier 2 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of the share premium account relating to preference shares 
that is tier 2 brought forward from the previous reporting period.EN  L 120/836 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023