 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0031  Type of code for insured 
party/cedent  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code for investor/lender ’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0040  Sector of the insured 
party/cedent  If the insured party/cedent is part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) of 
Directive 2002/87/EC, indicate: ‘banking sector’, ‘insurance and reinsurance sector’ 
‘investments services sector’. 
If the insured party/cedent is not part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) 
indicate: ‘other undertaking of the group’.  
C0050  Insurer/Reinsurer name  Legal name of the insurer/reinsurer to whom the underwriting risk has been transferred.  
C0060  Identification code of 
insurer/reinsurer  The unique identification code attached to the investor/buyer/transferee by this order of 
priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
Specific code: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings other than insurance and reinsurance undertakings within 
the group: identification code used in the local market, attributed by the undertaking ’s 
competent supervisory authority; 
— For non-EEA undertakings and non-regulated undertakings within the group, identifi ­
cation code shall be provided by the group. 
When allocating an identification code to each non-EEA or non-regulated undertaking, the 
group shall comply with the following format in a consistent manner: identification code of 
the parent undertaking +ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of the country of the undertaking +5 
digits  
C0061  Type of code of insurer/ 
reinsurer  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of insurer/reinsurer ’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0070  Sector of the insurer/re ­
insurer  Financial sector of the provider within the meaning of Article 2(8) of Directive 2002/87/EC, 
i.e., ‘insurance and reinsurance sector’. 
This column has been kept to be aligned with the templates used at financial conglomerate 
level.EN  L 120/1568 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023