 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0130  Sum reinsured on a facultative 
basis, with all reinsurers  Part of the sum insured that the insurer has reinsured on a facultative basis (by 
treaty and/or by individual cover) with the reinsurers. When the facultative cover 
is not placed for 100 % but only for 80 % the 20 % not placed shall be considered 
as retention.  
C0140  Sum reinsured, other than on 
facultative basis, with all 
reinsurers  Part of the sum insured that the insurer has reinsured through traditional 
reinsurance treaties or another basis (including SPV and Finite Reinsurance) 
other than facultative reinsurance.  
C0150  Net retention of the insurer  The net amount for which the insurer acts as risk carrier, i.e.: part of the sum 
insured that exceeds the original deductible of the policyholder and is not 
reinsured.  
S.21.03 – Non–life distribution of underwriting risks – by sum insured  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual undertakings.  
This template shall be reported for each material non-life line of Business for direct business, as defined in Annex I to 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, representing a coverage of 90 % of the non-life technical provisions. Line of 
business shall be reported in accordance with the amount of technical provisions, i.e. the line of business with the 
highest amount of technical provisions.  
The negative technical provisions at the level of the line of business shall be considered with absolute value for the 
purpose of the calculation of the materiality of the threshold.  
The underwriting risk portfolio is the distribution, in (predefined) brackets, of the sum insured of each and every single 
underwriting risk which have been accepted by the undertaking. The underwriting risk portfolio is per line of business. 
However, whereas some lines of business are reportable on a compulsory basis for all Member States, the individual 
Member States may also require compulsory basis reporting for further lines of business where deemed to be relevant. 
For certain lines of business, the template would not be applicable. (See also item Line of business).  
The default brackets to be used are defined in euros. For different reporting currencies each relevant supervisory 
authority shall define the equivalent options for the amounts to be used in the 20 brackets.  
An undertaking may use undertaking specific brackets, in particular when sum insured is lower than EUR 100 000. The 
brackets chosen shall be used consistently over the reporting periods, unless the distribution of claims changes 
significantly. In this case the undertaking shall notify the supervisory authority in advance, unless already specified 
by the supervisory authority.  
By default the reference date shall be the end of the reporting year, however if duly justified, the undertaking may 
choose the reference date of collecting the information from the policy administration. This means that the underwriting 
risk portfolio can be based for example on the same reference date that is used to collect similar information for the 
renewal of reinsurance treaties and facultative cover.  
The sum insured relates to each and every individual underwriting risk, only looking at the main coverage of the policy 
per line of business, and means the highest amount that the insurer can be obliged to pay out. This means:  
— If the sum insured of the additional cover for ‘Theft’ is lower than the sum insured of the main cover for ‘Fire and 
other damage’ (both belonging to the same line of business), the highest sum insured must be taken.  
— A policy cover comprising a number of buildings across the country/car fleet etc. must be broken down.EN  L 120/782 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023