 
C0260/R1620  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Flood after diver ­
sification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for Flood risk, taking 
into consideration the diversification effect given in C0260/R1610.  
C0270/R1260 – 
R1390  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
—specified Region  Per each of the 14 specified Regions the estimated risk mitigation effect, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, of the group’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the 
estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0270/R1400  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Flood specified 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the estimated Risk Mitigation for the 14 specified regions.  
C0270/R1590  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Flood Other 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation 
effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0270/R1600  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Flood All Regions 
before diversification  Total of the estimated Risk Mitigation for all regions.  
C0280/R1260 – 
R1390  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums —specified 
Region  Per each of the 14 specified Regions the estimated reinstatement premiums, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, as a result of the group’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0280/R1400  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Flood 
—specified Regions 
before diversification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for the 14 specified regions.  
C0280/R1590  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Flood 
– Other Regions before 
diversification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement 
premiums, as a result of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special 
purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0280/R1600  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Flood 
– All Regions before 
diversification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for all regions.  
C0290/R1260 – 
R1390  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation — 
specified Region  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the group’s 
specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, 
arising from Flood in each of the 14 specified regions, corresponding to the 
selected scenario.  
C0290/R1400  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Total Flood —specified 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for the 14 
specified regions.  
C0290/R1590  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Total Flood – Other 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Capital requirement after risk mitigation for Flood risk in regions other than the 
specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, including the 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.EN  L 120/1496 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023