 
C0100/R0400 – 
R0590  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
—specified Region  Per each of the 23 specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation effect, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, of the group’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the 
estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0100/R0600  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Windstorm 
specified Regions before 
diversification  Total of the estimated risk mitigation arising from Windstorm for the 23 specified 
regions.  
C0100/R0790  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Windstorm Other 
Regions before diversifi ­
cations  For all the regions other the specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation effect 
of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating 
to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0100/R0800  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Windstorm all 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the estimated risk mitigation arising from Windstorm for all regions.  
C0110/R0400 – 
R0590  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums —specified 
Region  For each of the 23 specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement premiums, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, as a result of the group’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0110/R0600  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total 
Windstorm specified 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for the 23 specified regions.  
C0110/R0790  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total 
Windstorm Other 
Regions before diversifi ­
cations  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement 
premiums, as a result of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special 
purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0110/R0800  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total 
Windstorm all Regions 
before diversification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for all regions.  
C0120/R0400 – 
R0590  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation — 
specified Region  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the group’s 
specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, 
arising from Windstorms in each of the specified regions, corresponding to the 
selected scenario.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1489