 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0360  XL rate 1  Report the fixed rate or starting rate of a sliding rate system. 
The percentage shall be reported as a decimal. 
This item is only reported for XL treaties.  
C0370  XL rate 2  Report the top end rate of a sliding rate system. 
The percentage shall be reported as a decimal. 
This item is only reported for XL treaties.  
C0380  XL premium flat  Indication on whether XL premium is based or not on a flat premium. One of the 
options in the following list shall be used: 
1 – XL premium based on a flat premium 
2 – XL premium not based on a flat premium 
This item is only reported for XL treaties.  
C0390  Sliding scale commission  Indicate whether a sliding scale commission is used: 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Yes; 
2 – No.  
C0400  Minimum claim ratio on 
which the amount of sliding 
scale commission is dependant  Include the minimum claim ratio as a percentage on which is the amount of 
sliding scale commission dependant.  
C0410  Maximum claim ratio on 
which the amount of sliding 
scale commission is dependant  Include the maximum claim ratio as a percentage on which is the amount of 
sliding scale commission dependant.  
C0420  Minimum commission  Include the minimum commission as a percentage.  
C0430  Maximum commission  Include the maximum commission as a percentage.  
C0440  Expected commission  Include the expected commission as a percentage.  
S.30.04 – Outgoing Reinsurance Program shares data  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is relevant to insurance and reinsurance undertakings with an outgoing; reinsurance and/or retrocession 
program including any coverage provided by State backed reinsurance pool arrangements, excluding facultative covers.  
This template shall be filled by the insurance and reinsurance undertaking which is transferring underwriting risk to the 
reinsurers through a reinsurance treaty whose period of validity includes or overlaps the next reporting year and are 
known when filling the template. If reinsurance strategy changes materially after that date or if the renovation of the 
reinsurance contracts are performed later than the reporting date and before next 1 January, the information on this 
template shall be re–submitted when adequate.  
This template should only be reported if the reinsurance recoverables are higher than 10 % of the Best Estimate 
calculated separately for life and non-life business.EN  L 120/1082 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023