 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0700/C0080  Diversification within 
SLT health underwriting 
risk module – Gross  This is the diversification effect within the SLT health underwriting risk module 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
as a result of the aggregation of the gross capital requirements (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0800/C0060  Net solvency capital 
requirements – SLT 
health underwriting risk  This is the total net capital charge for SLT health underwriting risk referred to in 
Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, after 
adjustment of the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0800/C0080  Gross solvency capital – 
SLT health underwriting 
risk  This is the total gross capital charge for SLT health underwriting risk, before 
adjustment of the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
Further details on 
revision risk  
R0900/C0090  Revision shock USP  Revision shock – group specific parameter as calculated by the group and 
approved by the supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no group specific parameter is used.  
NSLT health premium 
and reserve risk  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0100  Standard deviation for 
premium risk – USP  This is the group specific standard deviation for premium risk for each lines of 
business and its proportional reinsurance as calculated by the group and approved 
or prescribed by the supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no group specific parameter is used.  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0110  USP Standard Deviation 
gross/net  Identify if the USP standard Deviation was applied gross or net. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – USP gross 
2 – USP net  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0120  Standard deviation for 
premium risk – USP – 
Adjustment factor for 
non – proportional 
reinsurance  This is the group specific adjustment factor for non–proportional reinsurance of 
each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, which allows groups to take into account the risk–mitigating effect of 
particular per risk excess of loss reinsurance – as calculated by the group and 
approved or prescribed by the supervisory authority 
Where no group specific parameter is used, this cell shall be left blank.EN  L 120/1402 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023