 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0100/C0040  Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Basic 
Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Amount of the basic capital requirements, before the consideration of future discre ­
tionary benefits referred to in Article 205 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, as 
calculated using the standard formula. 
This amount shall fully consider diversification effects as laid down in Article 304 of 
Directive 2009/138/EC where applicable. 
This cell does not include the allocation of the adjustment due to the aggregation of 
the nSCR of the RFF/MAP at entity level. These figures represent the SCR as if there 
was no loss of diversification. 
This amount shall be calculated as a sum of the gross capital charges for each risk 
module within the standard formula, including adjustment for diversification effect 
within standard formula  
Calculation of 
Solvency Capital 
Requirement  
R0120/C0100  Adjustment due to 
RFF/MAP nSCR aggre ­
gation  Adjustment to correct the bias on SCR calculation due to aggregation of RFF/MAP 
nSCR at risk module level. 
This amount shall be positive.  
R0130/C0100  Operational risk  Amount of the capital requirements for operational risk module as calculated using 
the standard formula.  
R0140/C0100  Loss–absorbing capacity 
of technical provisions  Amount of the adjustment for loss–absorbing capacity of technical provisions 
calculated in accordance with the standard formula. 
This amount shall be reported as a negative value. 
At RFF/MAP level and at entity level where there are no RFF (other than those under 
Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC) nor MAP it is the maximum between zero 
and the amount corresponding to the minimum between the amount of technical 
provisions without risk margin in relation to future discretionary benefits net of 
reinsurance and the difference between gross and net basic solvency capital 
requirement. 
Where there are RFF (other than those under Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC) 
or MAP, this amount shall be calculated as the sum of the loss–absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions of each RFF/MAP and remaining part, taking into account the 
net future discretionary benefits as a top limit.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1331