 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0250/C0160  Health SLT lapse risk (down) – 
Average rate t + 1  Average lapse rate for policies with negative surrender strains.  
R0250/C0190  Health SLT lapse risk (down) – 
Average run off period  Average period in years over which the policies with a negative surrender strain 
run off.  
R0260/C0180  Health expense risk – Modified 
duration  Modified duration in years of the cash flows included in the best estimate of 
health insurance and reinsurance obligations.  
R0260/C0210  Health expense risk – 
Payments  Expenses paid related to health insurance and reinsurance during the last 12 
months.  
R0260/C0220  Health expense risk – Average 
inflation rate  Weighted average inflation rate included in the calculation of the best estimate of 
these obligations, weighted by the present value of expenses included in the 
calculation of the best estimate for servicing existing health obligations.  
Market risk – Market risk concentrations  
R0300/C0300  Debt portfolio share  The share of the debt portfolio for which a simplified SCR calculation was 
performed. 
This item shall only be reported in case of the reporting exemption of S.06.02.  
NAT CAT 
simplifications  
R0400/C0330  Windstorm – sum of 
exposures subject to the NAT 
CAT simplifications  Include sum of exposures subject to windstorm simplifications.  
R0410/C0330  Hail – sum of exposures 
subject to the NAT CAT 
simplifications  Include sum of exposures subject to hail simplifications.  
R0420/C0330  Earthquake – sum of 
exposures subject to the NAT 
CAT simplifications  Include sum of exposures subject to earthquake simplifications.  
R0430/C0330  Flood – sum of exposures 
subject to the NAT CAT 
simplifications  Include sum of exposures subject to flood simplifications.  
R0440/C0330  Subsidence – sum of exposures 
subject to the NAT CAT 
simplifications  Include sum of exposures subject to subsidence simplifications.  
S.26.08 – Solvency Capital Requirement – for undertakings using an internal model (partial or full)  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring fenced-funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/939