 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0350  Internal rating  Applicable at least to CIC categories 1- Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 5 – 
Structured notes, 6 – Collateralised securities and 8 – Mortgages and Loans, (other than 
CIC 87 and CIC 88), where available. 
Internal rating of assets for undertakings using internal ratings. 
For undertakings applying a matching adjustment the item shall be reported to the 
extent that the internal ratings are used to calculate the fundamental spread referred to 
in Article 77c(2).  
C0360  Duration  Only applies to CIC categories 1 – Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 4 – 
Collective Investments Undertakings (when applicable, e.g. for collective investment 
undertaking mainly invested in bonds), 5 – Structured notes and 6 – Collateralised 
securities. 
Asset duration, defined as the ‘residual modified duration’ (modified duration calculated 
based on the remaining time for maturity of the security, counted from the reporting 
reference date). For assets without fixed maturity the first call date shall be used but the 
probability of the call option being exercised shall be taken into account. The duration 
shall be calculated based on economic value.  
C0370  Unit Solvency II price  Amount in reporting currency for the asset, if relevant. 
This item shall be reported if a ‘quantity’ (C0130) has been provided in the first part of 
the template (‘Information on positions held’). 
This item shall not be reported if item Unit percentage of par amount Solvency II price 
(C0380) is reported.  
C0380  Unit percentage of par 
amount Solvency II price  Amount in percentage of par value, clean price without accrued interest, for the asset, if 
relevant. 
This item shall be reported if a ‘par amount’ information (C0140) has been provided in 
the first part of the template (‘Information on positions held’) except for CIC 71 and 
CIC category 9 – Property. 
This item shall not be reported if item Unit Solvency II price (C0370) is reported.  
C0390  Maturity date  Only applicable for CIC categories 1 – Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 5 – 
Structured notes, 6 – Collateralised securities, and 8 – Mortgages and Loans, CIC 74 and 
CIC 79. 
Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the maturity date. 
It corresponds always to the maturity date, even for callable securities. 
The following shall be considered: 
— For perpetual securities use ‘9999–12–31’; 
— For CIC 87 and CIC 88, the weighted (based on the loan amount) remaining 
maturity is to be reported.EN  L 120/1200 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023