 
ITEM  INSTRUCTION  
C0293  Bail-in rules  Identify if the asset is subject to bail-in rules, in line with Articles 43 and 44 of 
Directive 2014/59/EU (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive – BRRD). 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Yes; 
2 – No; 
9 – Not applicable.  
C0294  Regional Governments and 
Local Authorities (RGLA)  Identify assets issued or guaranteed by Regional Governments and Local 
Authorities (RGLA) listed and not listed in the Implementing Regulation (EU) 
2015/2011, regarding assets classifiable with CIC 13 and 14. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Listed in Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2011; 
2 – Not listed in Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2011; 
9 – Not applicable.  
C0295  Crypto-assets  Identify assets linked to crypto-assets. 
Crypto-asset means a digital representation of value or rights which may be 
transferred and stored electronically, using distributed ledger technology or 
similar technology. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Electronic money token – a type of crypto-asset the main purpose of which is 
to be used as a means of exchange and that purports to maintain a stable value by 
referring to the value of a fiat currency that is legal tender; 
2 – Asset-referenced token – a type of crypto-asset that purports to maintain a 
stable value by referring to the value of several fiat currencies that are legal tender, 
one or several commodities or one or several crypto-assets, or a combination of 
such assets; 
3 - Utility token – a type of crypto-asset which is intended to provide digital 
access to a good or service, available on DLT, and is only accepted by the issuer of 
that token; 
4 – Other crypto-assets 
5 – No.  
C0296  Property type  Identify property type, according to ESRB Recommendation of 21 March 2019 
amending Recommendation ESRB/2016/14 on closing real estate data gaps. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Residential, e.g. multi-household premises; 
2 – Retail, e.g. hotels, restaurants, shopping malls; 
3 – Offices, e.g. a property primarily used as professional or business offices; 
4 – Industrial, e.g. property used for the purposes of production, distribution and 
logistics;EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/675