 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0500/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – Life 
–expense risk  This is the gross capital charge for expense risk (before the loss absorbing capacity 
of technical provisions). 
If R0050/C0010 = 1, this cell represents gross capital charge for life expense risk 
calculated using simplified calculations.  
R0600/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Revision risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to revision risk, before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0600/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Revision risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to revision risk, before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0600/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – 
Revision risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to revision risk, after the shock 
(i.e. shock as prescribed by standard formula: a % increase in the amount of 
annuity benefits taken into account in the calculation of technical provisions. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0600/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Revision 
risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to revision risk charge, after the shock (i.e. as 
prescribed by standard formula, refer to a definition in item R0600/C0040). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0600/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Revision risk  This is the net capital charge for revision risk after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0600/C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss–absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Revision 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (excluding the loss–absorbing capacity 
of technical provisions) underlying revision risk charge, after the shock ((i.e. shock 
as prescribed by standard formula, refer to a definition provided in item 
R0600/C0040), as used to compute the risk. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0600/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
Revision risk  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss–absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for revision risk.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1385