EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1589
 First 2 positions – Assets listed in  Definition  
Third and fourth position – Category  Definition  
23  Commercial paper  Unsecured, short-term debt instrument issued by a corporation, typically for the financing of accounts receivable, 
inventories and meeting short-term liabilities, usually with original maturity lesser than 270 days.  
24  Money market instruments  Very short term debt securities (usually with maturities ranging from 1 day up to 1 year), consisting mainly of negotiable 
certificates of deposit (CDs), bankers acceptances and other highly liquid instruments. Commercial Paper is excluded 
from this category.  
25  Hybrid bonds  Corporate bonds that have debt and equity-like features, but are not convertible.  
26  Common covered bonds  Corporate bonds which have a pool of assets that secures or ‘covers’ the bond. Those assets remain on the issuer balance 
sheet. Covered bonds subject to specific law are excluded from this category  
27  Covered bonds subject to 
specific law  Corporate bonds which have a pool of assets that secures or ‘covers’ the bond if the originator becomes insolvent and 
are subject by law to special public supervision designed to protect bond-holders, as defined in Article 52(4) of Directive 
2009/65/EC. 
An example of this category is Pfandbrief: ‘Covered bonds which are issued on the basis of the Pfandbrief Act. They are 
used to refinance loans for which collateral is furnished in the form of loans secured by real estate liens (Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe), public-sector loans (Public Pfandbriefe), ship mortgages (Ship Pfandbriefe) or aircraft mortgages (Aircraft 
Pfandbriefe). Thus, the distinction made between these Pfandbrief types refers to the cover pool created for each type of 
Pfandbrief.’  
28  Subordinated bonds  Corporate bonds which have a lower priority than other bonds of the issuer in case of liquidation.  
29  Other  Other corporate bonds, with other characteristics than the ones identified in the above categories.  
3 Equity  Shares and other securities equivalent to shares representing corporations’ capital, i.e., representing ownership in a corpora tion.  
31  Common equity  Equity that represents basic property rights on corporations.  
32  Equity of real estate related 
corporation  Equity representing capital from real estate related corporations.  
33  Equity rights  Rights to subscribe to additional shares of equity at a set price.