 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Currency area  Currency of exposure. Exposures should be reported in order of importance.  
C0030  Exposure net  Exposure after insurance risk mitigation technique and exemptions (net amount).  
C0040  %  Exposure share of total assets.  
C0050  Sector  Sector of exposure. Exposures should be reported in order of importance.  
C0060  Country  Country of exposure. Exposures should be reported in order of importance.  
C0070/R0010  Total exposure net by 
currency  The sum of net exposures reported by currency.  
C0070/R0020  Total exposure net by 
sector  The sum of net exposures reported by sector.  
C0070/R0030  Total exposure net by 
country  The sum of net exposures reported by country.  
S.37.03 – Risk Concentration – Exposure by asset class and rating  
General comments:  
The tables shall include all the risk concentration between entities in the scope of group supervision and third parties 
represented by the combination of the main asset classes and rating. For bonds the tables are presented by the 
combination of asset class and rating of the security. For equity exposure, the total exposure amount and the equity 
exposures’ share of total assets (full balance sheet) shall be reported  
The table shall be based on all the exposures within the specified asset classes, after credit or insurance risk mitigation 
technique and exemptions (net amount).  
Where two or more credit assessments are available from nominated ECAIs and they correspond to different parameters 
for a rated item, the assessment generating the higher capital requirement shall be used.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Total – Exposure net  Total equity exposure after insurance risk mitigation technique and exemptions (net 
amount).  
Z0010  Types of bonds  Split between the following bond classes: 
1 – Government, International financial organisation and Central banks bonds 
2 – Regional governments, local authorities and public sector entities bonds 
3 – Corporate bonds  
C0010/R0020- 
R0070  Exposure net  Exposure after insurance risk mitigation technique and exemptions (net amount).  
C0020/R0020- 
R0070  % Exposure share of total assets.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1581