 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050  Description of change to the 
policy  Briefly describe the nature of the change and what aspects of the model have been 
changed.  
C0060  Change resulting from  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Change in risk profile 
2 – Change in input data and assumptions 
3 – Change in methodology 
4 – Other  
C0070  Other categorization and 
explanation  Describe the categorisation if different from column C0060. If filled-in, then use 
Other option in column C0060.  
C0080  Market risk impact  If the market risk charge is impacted by the major model change then indicate it 
here. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes 
No  
C0090  CREDIT FinInstr risk impact  If the credit risk charge on financial instruments is impacted by the major model 
change then indicate it here. One of the options in the following closed list shall 
be used: 
Yes 
No  
C0100  CREDIT NonFinInstr impact  If the credit risk charge on non-financial instruments is impacted by the major 
model change then indicate it here. One of the options in the following closed list 
shall be used: 
Yes 
No  
C0110  Non-Life & Health NSLT risk 
impact  If the non-life & health NSLT risk charge is impacted by the major model change 
then indicate it here. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes 
No  
C0120  Life & Health risk impact  If the life & health risk charge is impacted by the major model change then 
indicate it here. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes 
No  
C0130  Operational risk impact  If the operational risk charge is impacted by the major model change then 
indicate it here. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes 
NoEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/987