 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0120/C0030  Non–available share 
premium account related to 
preference shares to be 
deducted at group level – 
tier 1 restricted  This is the amount of the share premium account relating to preference shares that 
is deemed non–available as defined in Article 222(2)–(5) of Directive 2009/138/EC 
and which meets the criteria for Tier 1 restricted items and has to be deducted as 
per Article 330 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0120/C0040  Non–available share 
premium account related to 
preference shares to be 
deducted at group level – 
tier 2  This is the amount of the share premium account relating to preference shares that 
is deemed non–available as defined in Article 222(2)–(5) of Directive 2009/138/EC 
and which meets the criteria for Tier 2 and has to be deducted as per Article 330 of 
the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0120/C0050  Non–available share 
premium account related to 
preference shares to be 
deducted at group level – 
tier 3  This is the amount of the share premium account relating to preference shares that 
is deemed non–available as defined in Article 222(2)–(5) of Directive 2009/138/EC 
and which meets the criteria for Tier 3 and has to be deducted as per Article 330 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0130/C0010  Reconciliation reserve – total  The total reconciliation reserve represents reserves (e.g. retained earnings), net of 
adjustments (e.g. ring–fenced funds). It results mainly from differences between 
accounting valuation and valuation in accordance with Article 75 of Directive 
2009/138/EC.  
R0130/C0020  Reconciliation reserve – 
tier 1 unrestricted  The reconciliation reserve represents reserves (e.g. retained earnings), net of 
adjustments (e.g. ring–fenced funds). It results mainly from differences between 
accounting valuation and valuation in accordance with Directive 2009/138/EC.  
R0140/C0010  Subordinated liabilities – 
total  This is the total amount of subordinated liabilities.  
R0140/C0030  Subordinated liabilities – 
tier 1 restricted  This is the amount of subordinated liabilities that meet the criteria for Tier 1 
restricted items.  
R0140/C0040  Subordinated liabilities – 
tier 2  This is the amount of subordinated liabilities that meet the criteria for Tier 2.  
R0140/C0050  Subordinated liabilities – 
tier 3  This is the amount of subordinated liabilities that meet the criteria for Tier 3.  
R0150/C0010  Non–available subordinated 
liabilities to be deducted at 
group level – total  This is the total amount of subordinated liabilities that are deemed non–available as 
defined in Article 222(2)–(5) of Directive 2009/138/EC.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1263