 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0060/C0010  Simplifications used: life catas ­
trophe risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of life 
catastrophe risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0060/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0700.  
Life underwriting risk  
R0100/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to mortality risk, before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0100/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Mortality 
risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to mortality risk, before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to mortality risk after the shock (i. 
e. permanent increase in mortality rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0100/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to risk, after the shock (i.e. permanent increase in 
mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Mortality risk  This is the net capital charge for mortality risk after the shock (after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for mortality risk 
calculated using simplifications.  
R0100/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss– 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to mortality risk, after the shock (permanent 
increase in mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Mortality risk  This is the gross capital charge for mortality risk. (before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions) 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for mortality risk 
calculated using simplifications.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/905