 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0140  Pension risk impact  If the pension risk charge is impacted by the major model change then indicate it 
here. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes 
No  
C0150  Dependency structure and 
correlation impact  If the diversification benefit due to changes to the dependency structure and/or 
the correlations is impacted by the major model change then indicate it here. One 
of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes 
No  
C0160  Other (free text)  Describe how other modelled contributions (if any) to the SCR were impacted by 
the model change.  
C0170  Change qualification  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Qualitative 
2 – Quantitative 
3 – Combination of quantitative/qualitative  
Change Impact  
C0180  Total SCR value before change 
(amount)  Amount of Total SCR (full model run including the standard formula part for 
partial internal models and diversification benefit) value before the model change 
in units of the reporting currency. Report only for major changes. The value 
expected is as in S.23.01.01.01 R0580/C0010 for solos and S.23.01.04.01 
R0680/C0010 for groups.  
C0190  Reference date of SCR impact  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the reference date of the SCR 
impact caused by the model change (major changes only). Specified date given 
by the NCAs in the approval letter of the major change application from which 
the approved model can be used to calculate the SCR.  
C0200  Total SCR value after change 
(amount)  Amount of Total SCR (full model run, if necessary, including the standard formula 
part for partial internal models and diversification benefit) value after the model 
change as specified in the model change application in units of the reporting 
currency. Report only for major changes. The value expected is as in 
S.23.01.01.01 R0580/C0010 for solos and S.23.01.04.01 R0680/C0010 for 
groups.  
C0210  Total SCR change %  The relative change of total SCR in percentage relative to major changes only.  
C0220  Own Funds w/o change 
(amount)  Total Eligible Own Funds without the model change in units of the reporting 
currency. Report only for major changes. The value expected is as in 
S.23.01.01.01 R0540/C0010 for solos and S.23.01.04.01 R0660/C0010 for 
groups.EN  L 120/988 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023