 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0400/C0130  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Non–life underwriting 
risk – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to non–life lapse risk, after the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0400/C0140  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities – Non–life under ­
writing risk – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to non–life lapse risk, after the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0400/C0150  Solvency capital requirement – 
Non–life underwriting risk – 
Lapse risk  This is the capital charge for non–life underwriting lapse risk.  
Non–life catastrophe risk  
R0500/C0160  Solvency capital requirement 
for non–life catastrophe risk  This is the total non–life catastrophe risk capital requirement.  
Total non–life underwriting risk  
R0600/C0160  Diversification within non–life 
underwriting risk module  This is the diversification effect within the non–life underwriting risk sub–module 
as a result of the aggregation of the capital requirements premium and reserve 
risk, catastrophe risk and lapse risk. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0700/C0160  Total capital requirement for 
non–life underwriting risk  This is the solvency capital requirement for non–life underwriting risk sub 
module.  
S.26.06 – Solvency Capital Requirements – Operational risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.06.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) 
and for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reportingEN  L 120/932 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023