 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0720  Technical provisions – index– 
linked and unit–linked – Risk 
margin  This is the total amount of risk margin of technical provisions for index – linked 
and unit – linked business. 
This amount shall include the apportionment from the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions in accordance with the contributory methodology used for 
the purposes of MCR calculation.  
C0020/R0730  Other technical provisions  Other technical provisions, as recognised by undertakings in their statutory 
accounts, in accordance with the local GAAP or IFRS.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0740  Contingent liabilities  A contingent liability is defined as: 
a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be 
confirmed only by the occurrence or non–occurrence of one or more uncertain 
future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or 
b) a present obligation that arises from past events even if: 
(i) it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic 
benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or 
(ii) the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability. 
The amount of contingent liabilities recognised in the balance sheet shall follow 
the criteria set in Article 11 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0750  Provisions other than technical 
provisions  Liabilities of uncertain timing or amount, excluding the ones reported under 
‘Pension benefit obligations’. 
The provisions are recognised as liabilities (assuming that a reliable estimate can 
be made) when they represent obligations and it is probable that an outflow of 
resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligations.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0760  Pension benefit obligations  This is the total net obligations related to employees’ pension scheme.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0770  Deposits from reinsurers  Amounts (e.g. cash) received from reinsurer or deducted by the reinsurer 
according to the reinsurance contract.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0780  Deferred tax liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities are the amounts of income taxes payable in future periods 
in respect of taxable temporary differences.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/629