 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0100  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Eligible own funds to meet 
Minimum Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the Eligible own funds to meet MCR due to the 
application of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the 
volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet MCR calculated 
considering the technical provisions without matching adjustment and without all 
the other transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet MCR calculated 
with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0100  Impact of all LTG measures 
and transitionals – Eligible 
own funds to meet Minimum 
Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the Eligible own funds to meet MCR due to the 
application of the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0110  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Minimum 
Capital Requirement  Total amount of MCR calculated considering technical provisions including the 
adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures and transitional measures.  
C0020/R0110  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Minimum Capital Requirement  Total amount of MCR calculated considering technical provisions without the 
adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, but 
keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching 
adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0110  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Minimum Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the MCR due to the application of the transitional 
deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the MCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without transitional deduction to technical provisions and the MCR 
calculated with the technical provisions with LTG and transitional measures.  
C0040/R0110  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Minimum 
Capital Requirement  Total amount of MCR calculated considering technical provisions without the 
adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest 
rate term structure, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment 
and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is 
not applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0110  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Minimum 
Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the MCR due to the application of the transitional 
adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the MCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure and MCR calculated with the technical provisions reported under 
C0020.EN  L 120/800 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023