 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060/R0090  Without volatility 
adjustment and without 
other transitional 
measures – SCR  Total amount of SCR calculated considering Technical provisions without the 
adjustments due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, the transitional 
adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the volatility 
adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the matching adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0090  Impact of volatility 
adjustment set to zero – 
SCR  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the volatility 
adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the volatility adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the SCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without volatility adjustment and without other transitional measures and 
the SCR calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0090  Without matching 
adjustment and without 
all the others – SCR  Total amount of SCR calculated considering Technical provisions without any LTG 
measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0090  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
SCR  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the matching 
adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the volatility adjustment and the 
matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the SCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without matching adjustment and without all the other transitional 
measures and the SCR calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0090  Impact of all LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – SCR  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the LTG measures and 
transitionals.  
C0010-C0100/ 
R0120  With LTG measures and 
transitionals – Solvency 
Capital Requirement 
Ratio  Solvency Capital Requirement ratio calculated considering technical provisions as 
reported in R0010 of each column 
Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR (R0050) divided by the total amount 
of SCR (R0090) of each column.  
C0010-C0100/ 
R0130  Amount with Long Term 
Guarantee measures and 
transitionals – Minimum 
Capital Requirement 
Ratio  Minimum Capital Requirement ratio calculated considering technical provisions as 
reported in R0010 of each column. 
Total amount of eligible own funds to meet MCR (R0100) divided by the total amount 
of MCR (R0110) of each column.EN  L 120/1258 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023