 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
20. Clients, products and business practices – Other 
21. Execution, delivery and process management – Transaction capture, execution 
and maintenance 
22. Execution, delivery and process management – Monitoring and reporting 
23. Execution, delivery and process management – Customer intake and docu ­
mentation 
24. Execution, delivery and process management – Customer/client account 
management 
25. Execution, delivery and process management – Trade counterparties 
26. Execution, delivery and process management – Vendors and suppliers 
27. Execution, delivery and process management – Other  
C0070  Probability Distribution  Identify the probability distribution. One of the options in the following closed list 
shall be used: 
1. Poisson-lognormal 
2. Lognormal 
3. Poisson-Pareto 
4. Empirical 
5. Pareto 
6. Other, please specify 
7. Obtained by aggregation of lower levels 
Item 1 to 6 to be used in case the probability distribution is quantified; item 7 in 
case the probability distribution is obtained by aggregation of lower level distribu ­
tions.  
C0080  Solvency Capital Requirement  Solvency capital requirement net of risk mitigating contracts per scenario.  
C0090-C0210  Percentiles  Percentiles of the loss distribution (losses corresponds to the right tail) net of risk 
mitigating contracts per scenario.  
C0220/R0030  Total undiversified Level 2  Sum of stand-alone capital requirements contributions for Level 2 operational 
risks classification. 
Any lower aggregation level should be already considered.  
C0220/R0040  Sum of diversification inside 
Level 2 items  Difference between the sum of undiversified leaf risks SCR and C0220/R0030. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value. 
For example, if the lower level is L3 (the ones quantified with probability distribu ­
tions), enter the difference between the sum of Level 3 and the sum of Level 2 
(standalone).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/985