 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0100/C0010  Total ordinary share capital – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of total ordinary share capital brought forward from the 
previous reporting period. R0100/C0010 includes own shares held.  
R0100/C0020  Total ordinary share capital – 
increase  This is the increase in total ordinary share capital over the reporting period.  
R0100/C0030  Total ordinary share capital – 
reduction  This is the reduction in total ordinary share capital over the reporting period.  
R0100/C0060  Total ordinary share capital – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of total ordinary share capital carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
Share premium account related to ordinary share capital – movements in the reporting period  
R0110/C0010  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital – Tier 
1 – balance brought forward  This is the balance of the share premium account related to ordinary share capital 
that is tier 1 brought forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0110/C0020  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital – Tier 
1 – increase  This is the increase in the share premium account related to ordinary share capital 
that is tier 1 over the reporting period.  
R0110/C0030  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital – Tier 
1 – reduction  This is the reduction in the share premium account related to ordinary share 
capital that is tier 1 over the reporting period.  
R0110/C0060  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital – Tier 
1 – balance carried forward  This is the balance of the share premium account related to ordinary share capital 
that is tier 1 carried forward to the next reporting period.  
R0120/C0010  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital –Tier 
2 – balance brought forward  This is the balance of the share premium account related to ordinary share capital 
that is tier 2 brought forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0120/C0020  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital –Tier 
2 – increase  This is the increase in the share premium account related to ordinary share capital 
that is tier 2 over the reporting period.  
R0120/C0030  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital –Tier 
2 – reduction  This is the reduction in the share premium account related to ordinary share 
capital that is tier 2 over the reporting period.  
R0120/C0060  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital –Tier 
2 – balance carried forward  This is the balance of the share premium account related to ordinary share capital 
that is tier 2 carried forward to the next reporting period.  
R0200/C0010  Share premium account related 
to ordinary share capital – 
Total – balance brought 
forward  This is the total balance of the share premium account related to ordinary share 
capital brought forward from the previous reporting period.EN  L 120/830 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023