 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0110  Type of underwriting model  Type of underwriting model which is used to estimate the exposure of the under ­
writing risk and the need for reinsurance protection. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Sum Insured: 
the highest amount that the insurer can be obliged to pay out according to the 
original policy. Sum insured must also be filled when type of underwriting model 
is not applicable 
2 – Maximum Possible Loss: 
loss which may occur when the most unfavourable circumstances being more or 
less exceptionally combined, the fire is only stopped by impassable obstacles or 
lack of substance. 
3 – Probable Maximum Loss: 
defined as the estimate of the largest loss from a single fire or peril to be expected, 
assuming the worst single impairment of primary private fire protection systems 
but with secondary protection systems or organizations (such as emergency 
organizations and private and/or public fire department response) functioning 
as intended. Catastrophic conditions like explosions resulting from massive 
release of flammable gases, which might involve large areas of the plant, 
detonation of massive explosives, seismic disturbances, tidal waves or flood, 
falling aircraft, and arson committed in more than one area are excluded in 
this estimate. This definition is a hybrid form between Maximum Possible Loss 
and Estimated Maximum Loss that is generally accepted and frequently used by 
insurers, reinsurers and reinsurance brokers 
4 – Estimated Maximum Loss: 
loss that could reasonably be sustained from the contingencies under consider ­
ation, as a result of a single incident considered to be within the realms of 
probability taking into account all factors likely to increase or lessen the extent 
of the loss, but excluding such coincidences and catastrophes which may be 
possible but remain unlikely. 
5 – Other: 
defined as other possible underwriting models used. The type of ‘other’ under ­
writing model applied must be explained in the Regular Supervisory Report 
Although abovementioned definitions are used for the line of business, as defined 
in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, ‘Fire and other damage to 
property insurance’, similar definitions might be in place for other lines of busi ­
ness.  
C0120  Amount underwriting model  Maximum loss amount of the single underwriting risk which is the result of the 
underwriting model applied. In case no specific type of underwriting model is 
used the amount must be equal to the sum insured reported in C0090 minus the 
original deductible reported in C0100.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/781