 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0120  Equities – unlisted  Shares representing corporations’ capital, e.g. representing ownership in a corporation, 
not negotiated on a regulated market or on a multilateral trading facility, as defined by 
Directive 2004/39/EC. 
It shall exclude holdings in related undertakings, including participations. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split between 
listed and unlisted is not available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0130  Bonds  This is the total amount of government bonds, corporate bonds, structured notes and 
collateralised securities. 
With regard to ‘Statutory accounts values’ column (C0020) – where the split of bonds is 
not available, this item shall reflect the sum.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0140  Government Bonds  Bonds issued by public authorities, whether by central governments, supra–national 
government institutions, regional governments or local authorities and bonds that are 
fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the European Central Bank, 
Member States’ central government and central banks, multilateral development 
banks referred to in paragraph 2 of Article 117 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 or 
international organisations referred to in Article 118 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, 
regional governments and local authorities listed in Article 1 of Implementing Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/2011, where the guarantee meets the requirements set out in 
Article 215 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split between 
bonds, structured products and collateralised securities is not available, this item shall 
not be reported.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0150  Corporate Bonds  Bonds issued by corporations 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
bonds, structured products and collateralised securities is not available, this item shall 
not be reported.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0160  Structured notes  Hybrid securities, combining a fixed income (return in a form of fixed payments) 
instrument with a series of derivative components. Excluded from this category are 
fixed income securities that are issued by sovereign governments. Concerns securities 
that have embedded any categories of derivatives, including Credit Default Swaps 
(‘CDS’), Constant Maturity Swaps (‘CMS’), Credit Default Options (‘CDOp’). 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
bonds, structured products and collateralised securities is not available, this item shall 
not be reported.EN  L 120/1142 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023