 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
This item is not applicable to reinsurers for which undertakings using internal 
model use internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use 
internal rating, this item shall be reported. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1 
2 – Credit quality step 2 
3 – Credit quality step 3 
4 – Credit quality step 4 
5 – Credit quality step 5 
6 – Credit quality step 6 
9 – No rating available  
C0260  Internal rating  Internal rating of reinsurers for undertakings using internal model to the extent 
that the internal ratings are used in their internal modelling. If an internal model 
undertaking is using solely external ratings this item shall not be reported.  
C0320  Collateral provider name  Name of the collateral provider will depend on the type of collateral specified in 
C0120. 
— Where collateral is held in trust the collateral provider will be the Trust 
provider. 
— Where the collateral is on a Cash or Funds withheld basis this cell can remain 
blank. 
— Where the collateral is a Letters of Credit it will be the underlying Financial 
Institution providing this facility. 
— Where other report only if applicable.  
S.31.01 – Share of reinsurers (including Finite Reinsurance and SPV’s)  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be filled by the insurance and reinsurance undertakings where a recoverable is recognised in relation 
to the reinsurer (even if all contracts with that reinsurer have terminated).  
The template collects information on reinsurers and not on separate treaties. All ceded technical provisions, including 
those ceded under Finite reinsurance (as defined in S.30.03 Column C0060), must be completed. This also means that if 
an SPV or a syndicate of Lloyd’s acts as a reinsurer the SPV or the syndicate must be listed.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040  Code reinsurer  Identification code of the reinsurer by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI); 
— Specific code attributed by the undertaking  
C0050  Type of code Reinsurer  Identification of the code used in item ‘Code reinsurer’. The following closed list 
shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific codeEN  L 120/1086 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023