 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0800/C0010  Total subordinated liabilities – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of total subordinated liabilities brought forward from the 
previous reporting period.  
R0800/C0070  Total subordinated liabilities – 
issued  This is the amount of total subordinated liabilities issued over the reporting 
period.  
R0800/C0080  Total subordinated liabilities – 
redeemed  This is the amount of total subordinated liabilities redeemed over the reporting 
period.  
R0800/C0090  Total subordinated liabilities – 
movements in valuation  This is an amount reflecting the movements in valuation of total subordinated 
liabilities over the reporting period.  
R0800/C0100  Total subordinated liabilities – 
regulatory action  This is an amount reflecting change to total subordinated liabilities due to regu ­
latory action.  
R0800/C0060  Total subordinated liabilities – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of total subordinated liabilities carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
An amount equal to the value of deferred tax assets  
R0900/C0010  An amount equal to the value 
of net deferred tax assets – 
Balance brought forward  This is the balance of an amount equal to the value of deferred tax assets brought 
forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0900/C0060  An amount equal to the value 
of net deferred tax assets – 
Balance carried forward  This is the balance of an amount equal to the value of deferred tax assets carried 
forward to the next reporting period.  
Other items approved by supervisory authority as basic own funds not specified above – movements in the reporting period  
R1000/C0010  Other items approved by 
supervisory authority as basic 
own funds not specified above 
– Tier 1 unrestricted items – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of other items approved by supervisory authority as basic own 
funds not specified above that are Tier 1 to be treated as unrestricted items 
brought forward from the previous reporting period.  
R1000/C0070  Other items approved by 
supervisory authority as basic 
own funds not specified above 
– Tier 1 to be treated as 
unrestricted items – issued  This is the amount of other items approved by supervisory authority as basic own 
funds not specified above that are Tier 1 to be treated as unrestricted items issued 
over the reporting period.  
R1000/C0080  Other items approved by 
supervisory authority as basic 
own funds not specified above 
– Tier 1 to be treated as 
unrestricted items – redeemed  This is the amount of other items approved by supervisory authority as basic own 
funds not specified above that are Tier 1 to be treated as unrestricted items 
redeemed over the reporting periodEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/839