 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050/R0650- 
R0720  Average Probability of 
Default (in %)  Average 1Y probability of default in % for the assets as sorted in the credit quality steps.  
C0060/R0650- 
R0720  Average Loss Given 
Default (in %)  Average loss given default in % for the assets as sorted in the credit quality steps.  
C0070/R0650- 
R0730  Market value (% of total 
sum)  Share of the market value (in %) relative to the total sum of market values of exposures 
to credit event risk split by credit quality step.  
C0080/R0650- 
R0730  Credit Risk Contribution 
(% of total sum)  Share of the credit risk contribution (in %) relative to the total credit risk SCR split by 
credit quality step.  
C0100/R0740  Credit event risk (‘mi ­
gration and default’) 
– 99,5 %  This is the total amount of the capital charge for credit event risk (‘migration and 
default’) for 99,5 % quantile.  
C0100/R0750  Expected loss – mean  This is the total amount of mean of the probability distribution of expected loss for 
credit event risk (‘migration and default’).  
S.26.11 – Internal model: Credit risk – details for financial instruments  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and groups.  
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Exposure at Default  
C0010-C0090/ 
R0010  Overall Exposure at 
Default  Exposure at Default for different Credit Quality Steps.  
C0010- 
C0090/R0020- 
R0080  Exposure at Default 
breakdown  Amount of Exposure at Default for different asset classes and different Credit Quality 
Steps.  
Probability of Default – weighted average where the weight is Exposure at DefaultEN  L 120/1448 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023