 
—  BSCR ′ = Basic solvency capital requirement calculated according to the information reported in this 
template  
—  nSCR  int = nSCR for intangible assets risk according to the information reported in this template  
— Multiplication of this ‘q factor’ by the nSCR of each relevant risk module (i.e. market risk, counterparty default risk, 
life underwriting risk, health underwriting risk and non-life underwriting risk)  
Full internal models:  
Template SR.26.08 has to be filled in for each ring-fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part for every undertaking under a full internal model. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a 
MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as different funds. This template should be reported for all sub-funds of 
a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table of S.01.03.  
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Aggregation  
Z0020  Ring-fenced fund, matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
Remaining Part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other 
templates. 
When item Z0020 = 2, then report ‘0’  
C0010/R0010  Total stand-alone risk  Sum of diversified capital charges for each risk module. Diversification between 
risk modules is not included. 
S.26.09.01 C0020/R0020 + S.26.11.01 C0110/R0210 + S.26.12.01 
C0070/R0220 + S.26.13.01 C0450/R2120 + S.26.13.01 
C0150/R1210 + S.26.14.01 C0320/R0630 + S.26.15.01 C0220/R0070 + the 
part calculated using the Standard formula for undertakings using a partial 
internal model where relevant  
C0010/R0020  Total diversification  Amount of the diversification effects between risk modules. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value.  
C0010/R0030  Total diversified risk before tax  Amount of diversified capital charges before tax.  
C0010/R0040  Total diversified risk after tax  Amount of diversified capital charges after tax.  
C0010/R0050  Loss absorbing capacity of 
deferred taxes  Amount of the adjustment for loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/941