 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0020/C0030  Ordinary share capital –Called up 
but not yet paid in – reduction  This is the reduction in called up but not yet paid in ordinary share 
capital over the reporting period.  
R0020/C0060  Ordinary share capital –Called up 
but not yet paid in – balance 
carried forward  This is the balance of called up but not yet paid in ordinary share capital 
carried forward to the next reporting period.  
R0030/C0010  Own shares held – balance 
brought forward  This is the balance of own shares held, brought forward from the 
previous reporting period.  
R0030/C0020  Own shares held – increase  This is the increase in own shares held, brought over the reporting 
period.  
R0030/C0030  Own shares held – reduction  This is the reduction in own shares held, brought over the reporting 
period.  
R0030/C0060  Own shares held – balance carried 
forward  This is the balance of own shares held carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
R0100/C0010  Total ordinary share capital – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of total ordinary share capital brought forward from 
the previous reporting period. R0100/C0010 includes own shares held.  
R0100/C0020  Total ordinary share capital – 
increase  This is the increase in total ordinary share capital over the reporting 
period.  
R0100/C0030  Total ordinary share capital – 
reduction  This is the reduction in total ordinary share capital over the reporting 
period.  
R0100/C0060  Total ordinary share capital – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of total ordinary share capital carried forward to the 
next reporting period.  
Share premium 
account related to 
ordinary share capital 
– movements in the 
reporting period  
R0110/C0010  Share premium account related to 
ordinary share capital – Tier 1 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of the share premium account related to ordinary 
share capital that is tier 1 brought forward from the previous reporting 
period.  
R0110/C0020  Share premium account related to 
ordinary share capital – Tier 1 – 
increase  This is the increase in the share premium account related to ordinary 
share capital that is tier 1 over the reporting period.EN  L 120/1300 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023