 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0130  Additional Tier 1  This is the value of Additional Tier 1 held in the participation (not only the part 
to be deducted). 
Additional Tier 1 has the meaning as defined in the relevant sector rules. 
These are participations in financial and credit institutions which when aggregated 
exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i), (ii), (iv) and (vi) of Article 69 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, not including consolidated strategic participations.  
C0140  Tier 2  This is the value of Tier 2 held in the participation. 
Tier 2 has the meaning as defined in relevant sector rules (not only the part to be 
deducted). 
These are participations in financial and credit institutions which when aggregated 
exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i), (ii), (iv) and (vi) of Article 69 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, not including consolidated strategic participations  
Total participations in related undertakings that are financial and credit institutions (for which there is an OF deduction)  
R0001/C0150  Total participations in financial 
and credit institutions – Total  This is the total value of participations in financial and credit institutions. (for 
which there is an OF deduction)  
R0001/C0160  Total participations in financial 
and credit institutions – 
Common Equity Tier 1  This is the total value of Common Equity Tier 1 held in financial and credit 
institutions. (for which there is an OF deduction)  
R0001/C0170  Total participations in financial 
and credit institutions – 
Additional Tier 1  This is the total value of Additional Tier 1 held in financial and credit institutions. 
(for which there is an OF deduction)  
R0001/C0180  Total participations in financial 
and credit institutions– Tier 2  This is the total value of Tier 2 held in financial and credit institutions. (for which 
there is an OF deduction)  
Own funds 
deductions  
R0010/C0190  Article 68(1) deduction – total  This is the total value of the Article 68(1) deduction, specified in Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0010/C0200  Article 68(1) deduction – tier 
1 unrestricted  This is the value of the Article 68(1) deduction which is deducted from tier 1 
unrestricted items in accordance with Article 68(5) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.  
R0010/C0210  Article 68(1) deduction – tier 
1 restricted  This is the value of the Article 68(1) deduction which is deducted from tier 1 
restricted items in accordance with Article 68(5) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.  
R0010/C0220  Article 68(1) deduction – 
Tier 2  This is the value of the Article 68(1) deduction which is deducted from tier 2 
items in accordance with Article 68(5) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0020/C0190  Article 68(2) deduction – total  This is the total value of the Article 68(2) deduction of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.EN  L 120/852 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023