 
A derivative is a financial instrument or other contract with all three of the following characteristics:  
a) Its value changes in response to the change in a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, commodity price, 
foreign exchange rate, index of prices or rates, credit rating or credit index, or other variable, provided in the case of 
a non–financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract (sometimes called the ‘underlying’).  
b) It requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than would be required for other types 
of contracts that would be expected to have a similar response to changes in market factors.  
c) It is settled at a future date.  
This template comprises two tables: Information on positions held and Information on derivatives.  
On the table Information on positions held, each derivative shall be reported separately in as many rows as needed in 
order to properly fill in all non-monetary variables, requested in that table. If for the same derivative two values can be 
attributed to one variable, then this derivative needs to be reported in more than one line.  
In particular, for derivatives that have more than a pair of currencies, it shall be split into the pair components and 
reported in different rows.  
On the table Information on derivative, each derivative shall be reported separately, with one row for each derivative, 
filling in all variables requested in that table.  
The information regarding the External rating (C0290) and Nominated ECAI (C0300) may be limited (not reported) in 
the following circumstances:  
a) through a decision of the national supervisory authority under Article 35(6) and (7) of Directive 2009/138/EC; or  
b) through a decision of the national supervisory authority in the cases where the insurance and reinsurance under ­
takings have in place outsourcing arrangements in the area of investments that lead to this specific information not 
being available directly to the undertaking.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Information on positions held  
C0040  Derivative ID Code  Derivative ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available, 
and must be consistent over time  
C0041  Unique Transactions Identifier  Identify the Trade IDs used in the trade reports to trade repositories according to 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and 
trade repositories. 
As many Trade IDs as needed to build the position being reported should be 
reported in this item. The trade IDs shall be reported separated by commas. 
This item shall be reported with ‘No ID’ when the derivative not in the scope of 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012.  
C0050  Derivative ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Derivative ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO/6166 for ISIN 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange)EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/687