 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R1200/C0200  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the NSLT health lapse risk 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
before the shock. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R1200/C0210  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Lapse 
risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the NSLT health lapse risk 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R1200/C0220  Absolute values after 
shock Liabilities – Lapse 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to lapse risk, after the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R1200/C0230  Absolute value after 
shock– Solvency capital 
requirement – Lapse risk  This is the capital charge for NSLT health lapse risk referred to in Title I Chapter 
V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R1300/C0240  Diversification within 
NSLT health under ­
writing risk – gross  This is the diversification effect within the NSLT health underwriting risk sub– 
module referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, as a result of the aggregation of the capital requirements for NSLT 
health premium and reserve risk and NSLT health lapse risk. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R1400/C0240  Total solvency capital 
requirement for NSLT 
health underwriting  This is the total capital charge for the NSLT health underwriting risk sub module 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
Health catastrophe risk  
R1500/C0250  Net solvency capital 
requirement for health 
catastrophe risks – Mass 
accident risk sub module  The net solvency capital requirement for the mass risk sub–module calculated 
after loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions  
R1500/C0260  Gross solvency capital 
requirement for health 
catastrophe risks – Mass 
accident risk sub module  The gross solvency capital requirement for the mass risk sub–module, calculated 
before loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.EN  L 120/1404 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023