 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
3 – Equity type – shares/participations 
4 – Equity type – others 
5 – Other asset transfer – properties 
6 – Other asset transfer – others  
NC0130  Issue date  This is the earlier of the transaction/debt issue date or the date the intragroup 
transaction is effective from, if different from the issue date. 
The date shall follow the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) format.  
NC0140  Maturity date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the date when the transaction 
expires/reaches maturity if applicable. 
— For intragroup transaction with no maturity date use ‘9999-12-31’. 
— For perpetual securities use ‘9999-12-31’  
NC0150  Currency of transaction  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency in which the transaction 
took place.  
NC0160  Amount at transaction date  Amount of the transaction at transaction date reported.  
NC0170  Amount at reporting date  Outstanding amount of the transaction at the reporting date if applicable e.g. for 
debt issue, reported in the reporting currency of the group. If there has been a full 
early settlement/prepayment, the balance of contractual amount shall be zero.  
NC0180  Value of collateral  The value of collateral for collaterised debt or asset value for intragroup trans ­
action involving asset transfer.  
NC0190  Amount of dividends/interest/ 
coupon and other payments 
made during reporting period  This cell shall capture any payments made in relation to the intragroup trans ­
action s recorded in this template for the reporting period (6 months up to the 
reporting date). 
This includes, but not limited to: 
— Dividends for the current year including paid or declared but unpaid 
dividends. 
— Any deferred dividends from previous years paid during the reporting period 
(i.e. any deferred dividends paid that impacted the P&L for the reporting 
period). 
— Interest payments made in relation to debt instruments. 
— Any other payments made in relation to the intragroup transaction s that are 
reported in this template, e.g. charges on asset transfers. 
— Amount of total tops-ups if applicable, i.e. total additional money invested 
during the reporting period such as an additional payments on partly paid 
shares or increasing loan amount during the period (when reporting tops-ups 
as a separate item).  
C0200  Coupon/Interest rate  The interest or coupon rate as a percentage, if applicable. For variable interest rate, 
this shall include the reference rate and the interest rate above it.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1099