 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reporting  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, 
matching adjustment 
portfolio or remaining 
part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking within the 
scope of group supervision and must be consistent over time and with the fund/ 
portfolio number reported in other templates.  
Z0040  Currency for interest rate 
risk (captives)  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of issue. Each currency 
shall be reported in a different line.  
Market risk (including 
captives)  
R0010/C0010 – 
C0070  Spread risk (bonds and 
loans) – Market value – 
by credit quality step  Market value of the assets subject to a capital requirement for spread risk on 
bonds and loans for each credit quality step where a credit assessment by a 
nominated ECAI is available.  
R0010/C0080  Spread risk (bonds and 
loans) – Market value – 
No rating available  Market value of the assets subject to a capital requirement for spread risk on 
bonds and loans where no credit assessment by a nominated ECAI is available.  
R0020/C0010 – 
C0070  Spread risk (bonds and 
loans) – Modified 
duration – by credit 
quality step  Modified duration in years of the assets subject to a capital requirement for spread 
risk on bonds and loans for each credit quality step where a credit assessment by 
a nominated ECAI is available.  
R0020/C0080  Spread risk (bonds and 
loans) – Modified 
duration – No rating 
available  Modified duration in years of the assets subject to a capital requirement for spread 
risk on bonds and loans where no credit assessment by a nominated ECAI is 
available.EN  L 120/1414 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023