 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0100  Transaction type  Identify the type of transaction. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – guarantees 
2 – commitment 
3 – letter of credit 
4 – undrawn credit facilities 
5 – assets purchased under outright forward purchase agreements (currency or other); 
6 – asset sale and repurchase agreements as referred to in Article 12(3) and (5) of Directive 
86/635/EEC; 
7 – Contingent liabilities 
8 – other;  
C0110  Transaction issue date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the date when the transaction/issue takes effect.  
C0120  Expiry date of agree ­
ment/contract underlying 
transaction  Where applicable, identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the date when the agree ­
ment/contract ceases. If the expiry date is perpetual use  " 9999-12-31 ". 
C0130  Currency of transaction  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency in which the transaction took place. If 
there are two currencies involved, please identify both in cell Comments C0200  
C0140  Trigger event  Where applicable, brief description of event that would trigger the transaction/payment/lia ­
bility/none e.g. event that would result in a contingent liability occurring.  
C0150  Value of transaction at 
starting date  Value of the transaction or collateral pledged. 
This item is to be reported in the reporting currency of the group.  
C0160  Value of transaction at 
reporting date  Value of the transaction, collateral pledged. 
This item shall be reported in the reporting currency of the group.  
C0170  Maximum possible value 
of contingent liabilities  Maximum possible value, if possible, regardless of their probability (i.e. future cash flows 
required to settle the contingent liability over the lifetime of that contingent liability, 
discounted at the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure) of contingent liabilities 
included in the group’s balance sheet. Sum of all possible cash flows if events triggering 
guarantees were all to happen in relation to guarantees provided by the ‘provider’ (cell 
C0020) to the ‘beneficiary’ (Cell C0050) to guarantee the payment of the liabilities due by 
the undertaking (includes letter of credit, undrawn committed borrowing facilities). This item 
shall not include amounts already reported under C0150 and C0160.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1565