 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0230  Proportional  Indicate whether the reinsurance program is proportional reinsurance, i.e., 
involves a reinsurer taking a stated percent share of each policy that an insurer 
underwrites. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Proportional reinsurance 
2 – Non–proportional reinsurance  
C0240  Identification of the company/ 
person to which the risk 
relates  If the risk relates to a company identify the name of the company to whom the 
risk relates 
If the risk relates to a natural person, pseudonymise the original policy number 
and report pseudonymised information. Pseudonymous data refer to data that 
cannot be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional 
information, as long as such additional information is kept separately. Consistency 
over time shall be insured. It implies that if a single underwriting risk appears 
from one year to another, it shall receive the same pseudonymised format.  
C0250  Description risk category 
covered  Description of the main scope of the cover of the facultative risk. It is normally 
part of the description used to identify the placement. 
The description of the risk category covered is entity specific and is not 
mandatory. Also the term ‘risk category’ isn’t based on Solvency II Directive 
terminologies but can be considered as an extra possibility the give additional 
information about the underwriting risk(s).  
C0260  Validity period (start date)  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date of commencement of the 
specific cover, i.e., date when the cover took effect.  
C0270  Validity period (expiry date)  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the final expiry date of the specific 
cover.  
C0280  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the 
facultative cover. All the amounts of this record must be expressed in this 
currency for the specific facultative cover, unless otherwise required by the 
national supervisory authority. In case the facultative cover is placed in two 
different currencies, then the main currency must be filled.  
C0290  Sum Insured  The amount that the life insurer pays out to the beneficiary. If the risk is co– 
insured with other life insurers, the insured capital payable by the reporting life 
insurer has to be reported here.  
C0300  Capital at risk  The capital at risk, as defined in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35/EC. 
If the risk is co–insured with other life insurers, the risk capital relating to the life 
insurer’s amount share in the insured capital has to be reported here.  
C0310  Sum reinsured on a facultative 
basis, with all reinsurers  The sum reinsured on a facultative basis is that part of the sum insured which is 
reinsured on a facultative basis. The amount shall be consistent with the Sum 
insured as specified in C0290 and reflects the maximum liability (100 %) for the 
facultative reinsurers.  
C0320  Facultative reinsurance 
premium ceded to all 
reinsurers for 100 % of the 
reinsurance placement  Expected gross annual or written reinsurance premium, gross of ceding commis ­
sions, ceded to the reinsurers for their share.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1069