 
This template shall reflect the impact on the financial positions when no transitional is used and each LTG measures or 
transitional is set to zero. For that purpose, a step–by–step approach should be followed taking out each transitional and 
LTG measure one by one and without recalculating the impact of the remaining measures after each step. As it is 
possible within a group for both types of transitional measure to be applied the template follows a cumulative step by 
step approach.  
The impacts need to be reported positive if they increase the amount of the item being reported and negative if they 
decrease the amount of the item (e.g. if amount of SCR increases or if amount of Own Funds increases then positive 
values shall be reported).  
The amounts reported in this template shall be net of Intra Group Transactions.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Amount with LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Technical Provi ­
sions  Total amount of gross technical provisions including long-term guarantee measures 
and transitional measures  
C0020/R0010  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Technical Provisions  Total amount of gross technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transi ­
tional deduction to technical provisions, but keeping adjustments due to the volatility 
adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0010  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Technical provisions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application of 
the transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the technical provisions without transitional 
deduction to technical provisions and the technical provisions with LTG and transi ­
tional measures.  
C0040/R0010  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Technical 
Provisions  Total amount of gross technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transi ­
tional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, but keeping 
adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is not 
applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0010  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Technical 
provisions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application of 
the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the technical provisions without transitional 
adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the technical 
provisions with LTG and transitional measures.EN  L 120/1244 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023