 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1600  Premiums earned – 
Net  Definition of earned premiums provided in directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: it is the sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the 
gross provision for unearned premiums related to the sum of the direct 
business and the accepted reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to 
reinsurance undertakings.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1610  Claims incurred – 
Gross  Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: the claims incurred means the sum of the claims paid and the change 
in the provision for claims during the reporting period related to insurance 
contracts arising from the gross direct and reinsurance business. 
It excludes claims management expenses and the movement in provisions in 
claims management expenses.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1620  Claims incurred – 
Reinsurers’ share  Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: it is the reinsurers’ share in the sum of the claims paid and the change 
in the provision for claims during the reporting period. 
It excludes claims management expenses and the movement in provisions in 
claims management expenses.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1700  Claims incurred – Net  Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: the claims incurred means the sum of the claims paid and the change 
in the provision for claims during the reporting period related to the sum of the 
direct business and the accepted reinsurance business reduced by the amount 
ceded to reinsurance undertakings. 
It excludes claims management expenses and the movement in provisions in 
claims management expenses.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1900  Expenses incurred  All technical expenses incurred by the group during the reporting period, on 
accrual basis.  
C0280/R2510  Balance – other 
technical expenses/ 
income  Net technical expenses/income not covered by above mentioned expenses/income 
and reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings. Other technical 
expenses/income shall not be split by lines of business. 
Shall not include change in other technical provisions and non–technical 
expenses/income such as tax, interest expenses, losses on disposals, etc. 
The amount of net technical expenses/income shall be reported negative if the 
amount of technical income is larger than the amount of technical expenses.  
C0280/R2600  Total technical 
expenses  Amount of all technical expenses corresponding to countries covered by this 
template.EN  L 120/1182 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023