 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking  
C0060  Portfolio  Distinction between life, non–life, shareholder’s funds, general (no split) and ring- 
fenced funds. 
Underlying derivatives of life technical provisions shall be assigned to life portfolio 
and underlying derivatives of non-life technical provisions shall be assigned to 
non-life portfolio (by applying the available most precise split). 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Life 
2 – Non–life 
3 – Ring fenced funds 
4 – Other internal fund 
5 – Shareholders ’ funds 
6 – General 
The split is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory 
authority, except for identifying ring fenced funds, but shall be reported if the 
undertaking uses it internally. When an undertaking does not apply a split 
‘general’ shall be used.  
C0070  Fund number  Applicable to derivatives held in ring fenced funds or other internal funds, defined 
at national level, in particular regarding funds (asset portfolios) supporting life 
products. 
Number or code which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the 
unique number or code assigned to each fund. This number or code has to be 
consistent over time and shall be used to identify the same funds in other 
templates (e.g. in S.06.02, S.14.01). It shall not be re–used for a different fund.  
C0080  Derivatives held in unit linked 
and index linked contracts  Identify the derivatives that are held by unit linked and index linked contracts. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Unit–linked or index–linked 
2 – Neither unit–linked nor index–linkedEN  L 120/688 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023