 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0300/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Disability – morbidity 
risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to disability – morbidity risk, after 
the shock (i.e. as prescribed by standard formula: an increase in disability and 
morbidity rates which are used in calculation of technical provisions to reflect the 
disability and morbidity experience in the next following 12 months, and for all 
months after the following 12 months and a decrease in the disability and 
morbidity rates recovery rates used in the calculation of technical provisions in 
respect of next 12 months and for all year thereafter. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0300/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Disability – 
morbidity risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to disability – morbidity risk, after the shock (i.e. 
as prescribed by standard formula, see description provided in definition to cell 
R0300/C0040). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0300/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Disability – 
morbidity risk  This is the net capital charge for disability – morbidity risk, after adjustment for 
the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0030/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for disability and 
morbidity risk calculated using simplifications.  
R0300/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss– 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Disability – 
morbidity risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to disability – morbidity risk, after the shock (i.e. as 
prescribed by standard formula, see description provided in definition to cell 
R0300/C0040). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0300/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Disability – 
morbidity risk  This is the gross capital charge for disability – morbidity risk (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0030/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for disability and 
morbidity risk calculated using simplifications.  
R0400/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Lapse risk  This is the overall net capital charge for lapse risk, after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0040/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for lapse risk 
calculated using simplifications.  
R0400/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Lapse risk  This is the overall gross capital charge (before the loss–absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) for lapse risk. 
If R0040/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for lapse risk 
calculated using simplifications.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/907