 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
4 – Additional risks were securitised subsequent to authorisation, 
5 – Cedants hold exposure to notes issued, 
9 – Other  
C0110  Basis risk arising from 
contractual terms  Identify the basis risk arising from contractual terms. 
1 – No basis risk 
2 – Substantial part of risks insured not transferred 
3 – Insufficient trigger to match risk exposure of cedant  
C0120  SPV assets ring–fenced to 
settle cedant–specific 
obligations  The amount of SPV assets ring–fenced for the reporting cedant, which are available to 
settle the contractual liabilities reinsured by the SPV for that specific cedant only 
(collateral assets specifically recognised on balance sheet of the SPV in relation to the 
obligation assumed).  
C0130  Other non cedant– 
specific SPV Assets for 
which recourse may exist  The amount of SPV assets (recognised on balance sheet of the SPV), not directly related 
to the reporting cedant but for which recourse exists. This would include any ‘free 
assets’ of the SPV, which may be available to settle the reporting cedant’s liabilities.  
C0140  Other recourse arising 
from securitisation  The amount of contingent assets of the SPV (held off balance sheet), not directly related 
to the reporting cedant but for which recourse exists. This includes recourse against 
other counterparties of the SPV, including guarantees, reinsurance contracts and 
derivative commitments to SPV made by the SPV sponsor, note holders, or other 
third parties.  
C0150  Total maximum possible 
obligations from SPV 
under reinsurance policy  Amount of total maximum possible obligations from reinsurance contract (cedant– 
specific).  
C0160  SPV fully funded in 
relation to cedant 
obligations throughout 
the reporting period  Identify if the protection offered by the risk–mitigation technique may only be partially 
recognised where counterparty to a reinsurance contract ceases to be able to provide 
effective and continuing risk–transfer. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – SPV fully funded in relation to cedant obligations 
2 – SPV not fully funded in relation to cedant obligations  
C0170  Current recoverables 
from SPV  Amount of SPV Recoverables recognised on the Solvency II balance sheet of the under ­
taking within the scope of group supervision (prior to adjustments made for expected 
losses due to counterparty default). This should be calculated in accordance with the 
requirements of Article 41of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1529