 
Internal scenario 
classification 
[free text]  Unique ID 
[number]  Unique ID of parent level. 
[number]  
L2 A  201  101  
Note that the ID of the containing level 
is not valued for L1 levels, as the 
ultimate parent level is the operational 
risk itself.  L2 B  202  101  
L2 C  203  101  
L2 D  204  102  
L2 E  205  102  
L1 A  101  
L1 B  102  
Operational Risk  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Is Basel L1 classification used?  Identify if the seven high-level categories (L1) specified in Basel II are used. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
— Yes 
— No  
C0010/R0020  Is Basel L1 and L2 classifi ­
cation used?  Identify if the Basel Level 1 and 2 categories and their hierarchy (which L2 are 
included in each L1) specified in Basel II [Annex 7]. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
— Yes 
— No  
C0020  Scenario name  This table should be completed by all undertakings, also in the cases where the 
undertaking answers ‘No’ to ‘C0010/R0010 ’ and/or ‘C0010/R0020 ’, with the 
names of the internal scenarios used for Operational risk calculations by the 
internal model.  
C0030  Unique ID  This is a unique ID of the internal scenario. This should be consistent across 
different reporting periods. This is a numeric field.  
C0040  Unique ID of parent level.  This is a unique ID of the immediate parent internal scenario. This should be 
consistent across different reporting periods. This is a numeric field.  
C0050  Basel L1 classification mapping  For completion by undertakings which answer ‘Yes’ in C0010/R0010 or the 
mapping to Basel L1 exists. Field should be empty if the scenario is higher 
than level 2 in the classification.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/983