 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090/R0280- 
R0300  Standard deviation  The Standard deviation of the probability distribution of the net SCR  
C0100- 
C0310/R0280- 
R0300  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  It is expected that the insurance and reinsurance undertakings indicate the 
amounts of the percentiles required in the table related to the probability 
distribution obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and 
on discounted basis).  
OPTION 1 – HEALTH RISK  
Z0010  Type of Health risk 
modelled in Life & 
Health?  In the closed list there are 3 options: 
SLT, NSLT and SLT+NSLT  
C0010/R0310, 
R0360, R0560 
C0030- 
C0040/R0410- 
R0460  Net Best Estimate 
liability + Technical 
provisions calculated as a 
whole  Best estimate shall be reported net of reinsurance and refers to the products of the 
health insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category. TPs 
calculated as a whole should be taken in as well. 
The split for disability-morbidity risk aggregate refers to annuities paid out (‘APO’) 
or not (‘ANPO’).  
C0050/R0310, 
R0360, R0410- 
R0460, R0560  Net Written Premiums  The total of the net written premiums shall be reported for the products of the 
health insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0060/R0310, 
R0360, R0410- 
R0460, R0560  Sum insured  The total sum insured shall be reported for the products of the health insurance 
portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0070/R0310- 
R0570  Solvency Capital 
Requirements  The SCR for the relevant risk category, net of reinsurance. 
The following explanations apply for C0070 – C0260: 
For the aggregate risks, the SCR after aggregation over the underlying submodules 
should be reported. 
For lapse risk the following applies: 
— ‘Lapse’ covers exercising contractual options in a general sense. 
— Risk of increase in lapse rates (R0480) and decrease of lapse rates (R0490) are 
lapse risks other than mass lapse risk, where R0480 (R0490) covers the part 
of the business leading to a loss if lapse rates increase (decrease) as defined in 
the internal model. 
— Risk of mass lapse (R0500) is risk of accumulation or catastrophe risk for 
lapse as defined in the internal model. 
‘Lapse type split (other than mass lapse)’ covers non-mass lapse risk if a split in 
increase/decrease is not available and offers a split in three rough categories: ‘full 
surrender’, i.e. termination of the contract, ‘partial surrender’ and ‘other’ exercising 
of contractual options or ‘Policyholder behaviour’.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1469