 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0460  Asset ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Asset ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO 6166 for ISIN code 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies and the code in C0450 is defined by Asset ID code 
and the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, the Asset ID Code Type shall 
refer to option 99 and the option of the original Asset ID Code, as in the 
following example for which the code reported was ISIN code + currency: ‘99/1’.  
C0470  Total  This is the total value held for all tiers in each participation that are not financial 
and credit institutions and that are considered strategic.  
C0480  Type 1 Equity  This is the value of type 1 equity held in each participation that are not financial 
and credit institutions and that are considered strategic. 
Type 1 equity has the meaning as defined in Article 168(2) of the Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35).  
C0490  Type 2 Equity  This is the value of type 2 equity held in each participation that are not financial 
and credit institutions and that are considered strategic. 
Type 2 equity has the meaning as defined in Article 168(3) of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0500  Subordinated liabilities  This is the value of subordinated liabilities held in each participation that are not 
financial and credit institutions and that are considered strategic.  
Table 7 – Other non–strategic participations not in financial and credit institution  
C0510  Name of related undertaking  This is the name of the related undertaking in which the participation is held. 
These are participations which are not in financial and credit institutions and 
which are not considered strategic.EN  L 120/860 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023