 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R1200/C0110  Total ancillary own funds – new 
amount made available  This is the new amount of Tier 2 ancillary own funds to be made 
available over the reporting period.  
R1200/C0120  Total ancillary own funds – 
reduction to amount available  This is the reduction to the amount available total ancillary own funds 
over the reporting period.  
R1200/C0130  Total ancillary own funds – called 
up to basic own fund  This is the amount of total ancillary own funds that are called up to a 
basic own fund item over the reporting period.  
R1200/C0060  Total ancillary own funds – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of total ancillary own funds carried forward to the 
next reporting period.  
S.23.04 – List of items on own funds  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission for groups regardless of the method used for the calculation of the group 
solvency.  
This template shall be reported if the amount of the own funds for any tier change more than 5 % compared to the 
previous year calculated as below  
% change ðT; T Ä  1Þ : ¼  Available Own funds in tier i to cover SCR in T 
Available Own funds in tier i to cover SCR in T  Ä  1  
In case of non-available OF items, the threshold doesn’t apply and the whole template is to be reported.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Description of subordinated 
mutual member accounts  This shall list subordinated mutual member accounts for a group.  
C0020  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Amount (in 
reporting currency)  This is the amount of individual subordinated mutual member accounts.  
C0030  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier  This shall indicate the tier of the subordinated mutual member accounts. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Tier 1 
2 – Tier 1 – unrestricted 
3 – Tier 1 – restricted 
4 – Tier 2 
5 – Tier 3EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1315