 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040  Portfolio  Distinction between life, non–life, shareholder’s funds, general (no split) and ring- 
fenced funds. Underlying assets of life technical provisions shall be assigned to life 
portfolio and underlying assets of non-life technical provisions shall be assigned to 
non-life portfolio (by applying the available most precise split). 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Life 
2 – Non–life 
3 – Ring fenced funds 
4 – Other internal fund 
5 – Shareholders ’ funds 
6 – General 
The split is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory 
authority, except for identifying ring fenced funds, but shall be reported if the 
undertaking uses it internally. When an undertaking does not apply a split 
‘general’ shall be used. 
For assets held off–balance sheet this item shall not be reported.  
C0050  Fund number  Applicable to assets held in ring fenced funds or other internal funds, defined 
according to national markets, in particular regarding funds (asset portfolios) 
supporting life products. 
Number or code which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the 
unique number or code assigned to each fund. This number or code has to be 
consistent over time and shall be used to identify the same funds in other 
templates (e.g. in S.06.02, S.14.01). It shall not be re–used for a different fund. 
The Fund Number is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national 
supervisory authority.  
C0060  Asset category  Identify the asset category of the underlying asset lent/provided as part of a 
securities lending transactions or repurchase agreements. 
Use the categories defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation.  
C0070  Counterparty Name  Name of the counterparty of the contract. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. 
When not available, corresponds to the legal name.  
C0080  Counterparty code  Identification code of the counterparty using the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) if 
available. 
If none is available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0090  Type of counterparty code  Identification of the code used for the ‘Counterparty Code’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
9 – NoneEN  L 120/698 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023