 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
No – Risk Capital includes a deviation from zero (Non-centred risk). Please 
describe in code C0010/R0060. 
Other – Please describe in code C0010/R0060.  
C0010/R0060  Short description of SCR risk 
measure used for Catastrophe 
risk  Describe the way the in which the Internal Model SCR risk measure for Catas ­
trophe risk is derived. (e.g. from the economic Profit and Loss distribution). 
Use as reference point the standard metric used for the SCR under Solvency II 
Directive Section 4 Subsection 1 & 2 (Focus in particular on Article 101, 104, 
105, 108) under Solvency II and go through all aspects where your approach may 
differ (e.g. deviations from the VaR 1/200, the 1-year time horizon of risk, risk as 
deviation from the expected result, going concern, etc.). 
If the approved Internal Model risk measure complies with all assumptions of 
Section 4 Subsection 2 please confirm by inserting ‘Internal Model risk measure in 
line with Standard Formula risk measure definition’.  
Internal LoB mapping  
C0020  Internal line of business  Name of internal line of business used in the internal model. It shall be consistent 
across the template.  
C0030  Solvency II line of business  Identification of the Non-Life line of business as defined in Annex I to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Medical expense insurance 
2 – Income protection insurance 
3 – Workers’ compensation insurance 
4 – Motor vehicle liability insurance 
5 – Other motor insurance 
6 – Marine, aviation and transport insurance 
7 – Fire and other damage to property insurance 
8 – General liability insurance 
9 – Credit and suretyship insurance 
10 – Legal expenses insurance 
11 – Assistance 
12 – Miscellaneous financial loss 
13 – Proportional medical expense reinsurance 
14 – Proportional income protection reinsurance 
15 – Proportional workers’ compensation reinsurance 
16 – Proportional motor vehicle liability reinsurance 
17 – Proportional other motor reinsurance 
18 – Proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsuranceEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/967