 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0120  Accounting standards  Identification of the accounting standards used for reporting items in S.02.01, 
financial statements valuation. The following closed list of options shall be used: 
1 – The undertaking is using International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) 
2 – The undertaking is using local generally accepted accounting principles 
(‘GAAP’) (other than IFRS)  
C0010/R0130  Method of Calculation of the 
SCR  Identify the method used to calculate the SCR. The following closed list of options 
shall be used: 
1 – Standard formula 
2 – Partial internal model 
3 – Full internal model  
C0010/R0140  Use of undertaking specific 
parameters  Identify if the undertaking is reporting figures using undertaking specific 
parameters. The following closed list of options shall be used: 
1 – Use of undertaking specific parameters 
2 – Don’t use undertaking specific parameters  
C0010/R0150  Ring–Fenced Funds  Identify if the undertaking is reporting activity by Ring-Fenced Funds. The 
following closed list of options shall be used: 
1 – Reporting activity by RFF 
2 – Not reporting activity by RFF  
C0010/R0170  Matching adjustment  Identify if the undertaking is reporting figures using the matching adjustment. The 
following closed list of options shall be used: 
1 – Use of matching adjustment 
2 – No use of matching adjustment  
C0010/R0180  Volatility adjustment  Identify if the undertaking is reporting figures using the volatility adjustment. The 
following closed list of options shall be used: 
1 – Use of volatility adjustment 
2 – No use of volatility adjustment  
C0010/R0190  Transitional measure on the 
risk–free interest rate  Identify if the undertaking is reporting figures using the transitional adjustment to 
the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. The following closed list of 
options shall be used: 
1 – Use of transitional measure on the risk–free interest rate 
2 – No use of transitional measure on the risk–free interest rate  
C0010/R0200  Transitional measure on 
technical provisions  Identify if the undertaking is reporting figures using the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions. The following closed list of options shall be used: 
1 – Use of transitional measure on technical provisions 
2 – No use of transitional measure on technical provisionsEN  L 120/616 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023