 
ITEM  INSTRUCTION  
C0390  Maturity date  Only applicable for CIC categories 1 – Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 
5 – Structured notes, 6 – Collateralised securities, and 8 – Mortgages and Loans, 
CIC 74 and CIC 79. 
Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the maturity date. 
It corresponds always to the maturity date, even for callable securities. 
The following shall be considered: 
— For perpetual securities use ‘9999–12–31’; 
— For CIC 87 and CIC 88, the weighted (based on the loan amount) remaining 
maturity is to be reported.  
S.06.03 – Collective investment undertakings – look–through approach  
General comments:  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template contains information on the look through of collective investment undertakings or investments packaged 
as funds, including when they are participations, by underlying asset category, country of issue and currency. 
Considering proportionality and specific instructions of the template, the look through shall be performed until the 
asset categories, countries and currencies are identified. In case of funds of funds the look–through shall follow the same 
approach.  
The template shall include information corresponding to 100 % of the value invested in collective investment under ­
takings. However, for the identification of countries the look–through shall be implemented in order to identify the 
exposures of 90 % of the total value of the funds minus the amounts relating to CIC 8 and 9, and for the identification 
of currencies the look–through shall be implemented in order to identify the exposures of 90 % of the total value of the 
funds. Undertakings shall ensure that the 10 % not identified by country is diversified across geographical areas, for 
example that not more than 5 % is in one single country. The look-through shall be applied by undertakings starting 
from the major, considering the amount invested, to the lowest single fund and the approach shall be kept consistent 
over time.  
Quarterly information shall only be reported when the ratio of collective investments undertakings held by the under ­
taking to total investments, measured as the ratio between item C0010/R0180 of template S.02.01 plus collective 
investments undertakings included in item C0010/R0220 of template S.02.01 plus collective investments undertakings 
included in item C0010/R0090 and the sum of item C0010/R0070 and C0010/RC0220 of template S.02.01, is higher 
than 30 %.  
Items shall be reported with positive values unless otherwise stated in the respective instructions.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to CIC codes refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Collective Investments Under ­
taking ID Code  Asset ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available, 
and must be consistent over time  
C0020  Collective Investments Under ­
taking ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Asset ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO/6166 for ISINEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/679