 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0530/C0100  Capital requirement for 
other financial sectors 
(Non-insurance capital 
requirements) – Capital 
requirement for non- 
regulated undertakings 
carrying out financial 
activities  Amount of capital requirement for non-regulated undertakings carrying out financial 
activities. This figure represents a notional solvency requirement, calculated if the 
relevant sectoral rules were to be applied. 
This item is only applicable to group reporting where the group includes undertakings 
which are non-regulated entities carrying out financial activities.  
R0540/C0100  Capital requirement for 
non-controlled partici ­
pation  Amount of the proportional share of the Solvency Capital Requirements of the related 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings and insurance holding companies or mixed 
financial holding companies which are not subsidiaries.  
R0550/C0100  Capital requirement for 
residual undertakings  Amount determined in accordance with Article 336(1)(d) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.  
R0555/C0100  Capital requirement for 
collective investment 
undertakings or 
investments packaged as 
funds  Amount determined in accordance with Article 336(1)(e) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.  
R0560/C0100  SCR for undertakings 
included via D&A 
method  Amount of the Solvency Capital Requirement for undertakings included under method 
2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC when the combination of 
methods is used.  
R0570/C0100  Total group Solvency 
capital requirement  Overall SCR for all undertakings regardless of the method used. 
The total group solvency capital requirement is expected to be equal to the sum of 
R0220 and R0560. 
In case the minimum consolidated group SCR (R0470) is higher than the Consolidated 
group SCR (R0220), then the total group solvency capital requirement is expected to be 
equal to the sum of R0470 and R0560.  
S.26.01 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Market risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
The template S.26.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1343