 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0190  Type of code reinsurer  Identification of the code used in item ‘Code reinsurer’. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0200  Legal name reinsurer  Legal name of the reinsurer to whom the underwriting risk has been transferred. 
The official name of the risk–carrier reinsurer is stated in the reinsurance contract. 
It is not permitted to fill in the name of a reinsurance broker. Nor is it permitted 
to state a general or incomplete name as international reinsurers have several 
operating companies that may be based in different countries. 
In case of pooling arrangements, the name of the Pool (or Pool manager) can be 
filled only if the Pool is a legal entity.  
C0210  Type of reinsurer  Type of reinsurer to whom the underwriting risk has been transferred. 
The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Direct Life insurer 
2 – Direct Non–life insurer 
3 – Direct Composite insurer 
4 – Captive insurance undertaking 
5 – Internal reinsurer (reinsurance undertaking which primary focus is to take risk 
from other insurance undertakings within the group) 
6 – External reinsurer (reinsurance undertaking that takes risks from undertakings 
other than from insurance undertakings within the group) 
7 – Captive reinsurance undertaking 
8 – Special purpose vehicle 
9 – Pool entity (where more than one insurance or reinsurance undertakings are 
involved) 
10 – State pool  
C0220  Country of residency  Identify the ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code for the country where the reinsurer is 
legally authorised/licensed.  
C0230  External rating assessment by 
nominated ECAI  Rating of the reinsurer at the reporting reference date as provided by the 
nominated credit assessment institution (ECAI). 
If the rating is not available the item shall be left blank. 
This item is not applicable to reinsurers for which undertakings using internal 
model use internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use 
internal rating, this item shall be reported.  
C0240  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in 
C0230, by using the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In 
case of ratings issued by subsidiaries of the ECAI please report the parent ECAI 
(the reference is to ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered or certified in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies).  
C0250  Credit quality step  Identify the credit quality step attributed to the reinsurer. The credit quality step 
shall reflect any readjustments to the credit quality made internally by the under ­
takings that use the standard formulaEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1085