 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0070  Amount with LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Eligible own 
funds to meet SCR–Tier 2  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 calculated considering 
technical provisions including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee 
measures and transitional measures.  
C0020/R0070  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR–Tier 2  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment 
and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0070  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR–Tier 2  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 due to the 
application of the transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 calculated 
considering the technical provisions without transitional deduction to technical 
provisions and the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 calculated with the 
technical provisions with LTG and transitional measures.  
C0040/R0070  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Eligible 
own funds to meet SCR– 
Tier 2  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to 
the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, but keeping the adjustments due to 
the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is not 
applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0070  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Eligible 
own funds to meet SCR– 
Tier 2  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 due to the 
application of the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term 
structure. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 calculated 
considering the technical provisions without transitional adjustment to the relevant 
risk-free interest rate term structure and the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 
calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0020.  
C0060/R0070  Without volatility 
adjustment and without 
other transitional 
measures – Eligible own 
funds to meet SCR–Tier 2  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 2 calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustments due to the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions, the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure and the volatility adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the 
matching adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.EN  L 120/1254 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023