 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R1100/C0060  Total of other items approved by 
supervisory authority as basic 
own fund items not specified 
above – balance carried forward  This is the balance of total other items approved by supervisory authority 
as basic own funds not specified above carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
Ancillary own funds – 
movements in the 
reporting period  
R1110/C0010  Ancillary own funds – Tier 2 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of Tier 2 ancillary own funds brought forward from 
the previous reporting period.  
R1110/C0110  Ancillary own funds – Tier 2 – 
new amount made available  This is the new amount of Tier 2 ancillary own funds to be made 
available over the reporting period.  
R1110/C0120  Ancillary own funds – Tier 2 – 
reduction to amount available  This is the reduction to the amount available Tier 2 ancillary own funds 
over the reporting period.  
R1110/C0130  Ancillary own funds – Tier 2 – 
called up to basic own fund  This is the amount of Tier 2 ancillary own funds that are called up to a 
basic own fund item over the reporting period.  
R1110/C0060  Ancillary own funds – Tier 2 – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 2 ancillary own funds carried forward to the 
next reporting period.  
R1120/C0010  Ancillary own funds – Tier 3 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of Tier 3 ancillary own funds brought forward from 
the previous reporting period.  
R1120/C0110  Ancillary own funds – Tier 3– 
new amount made available  This is the new amount of Tier 3 ancillary own funds to be made 
available over the reporting period.  
R1120/C0120  Ancillary own funds – Tier 3 – 
reduction to amount available  This is the reduction to the amount available Tier 3 ancillary own funds 
over the reporting period.  
R1120/C0130  Ancillary own funds – Tier 3 – 
called up to basic own fund  This is the amount of Tier 3 ancillary own funds that are called up to a 
basic own fund item over the reporting period.  
R1120/C0060  Ancillary own funds – Tier 3– 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 3 ancillary own funds carried forward to the 
next reporting period.  
R1200/C0010  Total ancillary own funds – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of total ancillary own funds brought forward from the 
previous reporting period.EN  L 120/1314 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023