 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  ID of intragroup trans ­
action  Unique internal identification code for each intragroup transaction. It shall be consistent over 
time. In case related to transactions already mentioned, use the same ID.  
C0020  Revenue side name  Legal name of the entity that received the revenue from another entity within the group.  
C0030  Identification code for 
revenue side  The unique identification code attached to the entity that received the revenue by this order 
of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
Specific code: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings other than insurance and reinsurance undertakings within 
the group: identification code used in the local market, attributed by the undertaking ’s 
competent supervisory authority; 
— For non-EEA undertakings and non-regulated undertakings within the group, identifi ­
cation code shall be provided by the group. 
When allocating an identification code to each non-EEA or non-regulated undertaking, the 
group shall comply with the following format in a consistent manner: identification code of 
the parent undertaking + ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of the country of the undertaking + 5 
digits  
C0031  Type of code for revenue 
side  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code for revenue side’ item. One of the options 
in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0040  Sector of the revenue 
side  If the entity that received the revenue from another entity within the group is part of 
financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) of Directive 2002/87/EC, indicate: 
‘banking sector’, ‘insurance/reinsurance sector’ ‘investments services sector’. 
If the entity that received the revenue from another entity within the group is not part of 
financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) indicate: ‘other undertaking of the group’.  
C0050  Expense side name  Legal name of the entity that provided the revenue to another entity within the group.EN  L 120/1574 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023