 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0150/R0540  Notional non-life and life MCR 
calculation – Notional 
Combined MCR -life activities  This is calculated in accordance with Article 252(8) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.  
C0140/R0550  Notional non-life and life MCR 
calculation – Absolute floor of 
the notional MCR – non-life 
activities  This is the amount defined in Article 129(1)(d)(i) of Directive 2009/138/EC 
before considering Article 253 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0150/R0550  Notional non-life and life MCR 
calculation – Absolute floor of 
the notional MCR – life activ ­
ities  This is the amount defined in Article 129(1)(d)(ii) Directive 2009/138/EC before 
considering Article 253 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0140/R0560  Notional non-life and life MCR 
calculation – Notional MCR – 
non-life activities  This is the notional non-life MCR calculated in accordance with Article 252(2) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0150/R0560  Notional non-life and life MCR 
calculation – Notional MCR – 
life activities  This is the notional life MCR calculated in accordance with Article 252(7) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
S.29.01 – Excess of Assets over Liabilities  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is not applicable to captive insurance and reinsurance undertakings complying with conditions specified in 
the Regulation.  
This template, together with S.29.02 to S.29.04, explains the variation of Excess of Assets over Liabilities by reconciling 
the different sources of movements (please see the five main sources in b) below). In these templates, creation of value 
needs to be reported (such as income from investments).  
The content of this template covers:  
a) A presentation of all variations in Basic Own fund items during the reporting period. It isolates the variation of the 
Excess of Assets over Liabilities as part of this total variation. This first analysis is entirely performed based on 
information also reported in template S.23.01 (year N and N–1).  
b) A summary of the 5 main sources affecting the variation of the Excess of Assets over Liabilities between the prior 
and the last reporting periods (cells C0030/R0190 to C0030/R0250):  
— The variation related to investments and financial liabilities – detailed in template S.29.02,  
— The variation related to technical provisions – detailed in templates S.29.03 and S.29.04,  
— The variation of ‘pure’ capital items, which is not directly influenced by the business carried on (e.g., variations in 
ordinary shares numbers and values); these variations are analysed in detail within template S.23.03;  
— Other main variations linked to tax and dividend distribution, namely:  
— Variation in Deferred Tax positionEN  L 120/1046 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023