 
S.23.03 – Annual movements on own funds  
General comments:  
This template shall be reported if the amount of the own funds for any tier change more than 5 % compared to the 
previous year calculated as below.  
% change ðT; T Ä  1Þ : ¼  Available Own funds in tier i to cover SCR in T 
Available Own funds in tier to cover SCR in T  Ä  1  
This section relates to annual submission for individual entities.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Ordinary share capital – movements in the reporting period  
R0010/C0010  Ordinary share capital –Paid in 
– balance brought forward  This is the balance of paid in ordinary share capital brought forward from the 
previous reporting period.  
R0010/C0020  Ordinary share capital –Paid in 
– increase  This is the increase in paid in ordinary share capital over the reporting period.  
R0010/C0030  Ordinary share capital –Paid in 
– reduction  This is the reduction in paid in ordinary share capital over the reporting period.  
R0010/C0060  Ordinary share capital –Paid in 
– balance carried forward  This is the balance of paid in ordinary share capital carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
R0020/C0010  Ordinary share capital –Called 
up but not yet paid in – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of called up but not yet paid in ordinary share capital brought 
forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0020/C0020  Ordinary share capital –Called 
up but not yet paid in – 
increase  This is the increase in called up but not yet paid in ordinary share capital over the 
reporting period.  
R0020/C0030  Ordinary share capital –Called 
up but not yet paid in – 
reduction  This is the reduction in called up but not yet paid in ordinary share capital over 
the reporting period.  
R0020/C0060  Ordinary share capital –Called 
up but not yet paid in – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of called up but not yet paid in ordinary share capital carried 
forward to the next reporting period.  
R0030/C0010  Own shares held – balance 
brought forward  This is the balance of own shares held, brought forward from the previous 
reporting period.  
R0030/C0020  Own shares held – increase  This is the increase in own shares held, brought over the reporting period.  
R0030/C0030  Own shares held – reduction  This is the reduction in own shares held, brought over the reporting period.  
R0030/C0060  Own shares held – balance 
carried forward  This is the balance of own shares held carried forward to the next reporting 
period.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/829