 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0360  Subordinated liabilities – 
Maturity date  This is the maturity date of the subordinated liabilities. This shall be in ISO 8601 
format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0370  Subordinated liabilities – First 
call date  This is the first future call date of the subordinated liabilities. This shall be in 
ISO 8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0380  Subordinated liabilities – 
Further call dates  These are the further call dates of the subordinated liabilities.  
C0390  Subordinated liabilities – 
Details of incentives to redeem  These are the details about the incentives to redeem the subordinated liabilities.  
C0400  Subordinated liabilities – 
Notice period  This is the notice of the subordinated liabilities. The date shall be entered here, 
using ISO8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0430  Subordinated liabilities – % of 
the issue held by entities in the 
group  This is the % of the issue held by any counterparty belonging to the group in the 
meaning of Article 212(1)(c) of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
C0440  Subordinated liabilities – 
Contribution to group 
subordinated liabilities  This is the value of the subordinated liabilities that is included in the total group 
subordinated liabilities and that contributes to group own funds.  
C0450  Other items approved by 
supervisory authority as basic 
own funds not specified above  This shall list the other individual items approved by the supervisory authority for 
an individual undertaking.  
C0460  Other items approved by 
supervisory authority as basic 
own funds not specified above 
–Amount  This is the amount of other individual items approved by the supervisory auth ­
ority.  
C0470  Other items approved by 
supervisory authority as basic 
own funds not specified above 
–Currency code  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency.  
C0480  Other items approved by 
supervisory authority as basic 
own funds not specified above 
– Tier 1  This is the amount of other individual items approved by the supervisory 
authority that meet the criteria for Tier 1.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1319