 
A contingent liability is defined as:  
a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or 
non–occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or  
b) a present obligation that arises from past events even if:  
i. it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the 
obligation; or  
ii. the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.  
Collateral is an asset with a monetary value or a commitment that secure the lender against the defaults of the borrower. 
The value of the collateral should be reported as the economic value of the collateral at per reference date (Solvency II 
value of the assets), not as the risk-adjusted value of a collateral according to Article 197 of the Delegated Regulation.  
Only limited guarantees are to be reported in this template. Internal guarantees within the scope of group supervision 
are not reported in this template excluding information about any provided or received unlimited guarantee.  
At group level, the template is applicable for all entities within the scope of group supervision – including other 
financial sectors and non–controlled participations – for method 1 (Accounting consolidation–based method), method 2 
(Deduction and aggregation method) and a combination of methods 1 and 2.  
For non–controlled participations guarantees provided and guarantees received are included on a proportional basis 
when method 1 is applied. When method 2 is applied these guarantees are reported with the total amount.  
This template shall be reported considering the following specifications, which regards to the instructions in the below 
table:  
a) the amount of any of the following sums is higher than 2 % of Total Assets:  
i. (C0020/R0010) Value of guarantee/collateral/contingent liabilities – Guarantees provided by the undertaking, 
including letters of credit + (C0020/R0300) Value of guarantee/collateral/contingent liabilities – Total collateral 
pledged + (C0010/R0400) Maximum value – Total Contingent liabilities;  
ii. (C0020/R0030) Value of guarantee/collateral/contingent liabilities – Guarantees received by the undertaking, 
including letters of credit + (C0020/R0200) Value of guarantee/collateral/contingent liabilities – Total collateral 
held; or  
b) the undertaking has provided or received unlimited guarantee.  
Undertakings consolidated in accordance with points (d), (e) and (f) of Article 335(1) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35 are excluded from the calculation of the threshold.EN  L 120/1158 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023