 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R1540/C0260  Total gross solvency capital 
requirement for health catas ­
trophe risk  This is the total gross capital charge for the health catastrophe risk sub – module 
(before loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions).  
Total health underwriting risk  
R1600/C0270  Diversification within health 
underwriting risk module – 
Net  This is the diversification effect within the health underwriting risk sub–module as 
a result of the aggregation of the capital requirements SLT health underwriting 
risk sub–module, NSLT health underwriting risk sub–module and health catas ­
trophe risk sub–module, referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, calculated after loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provision.  
R1600/C0280  Diversification within health 
underwriting risk module – 
Gross  This is the diversification effect within the health underwriting risk sub–module as 
a result of the aggregation of the capital requirements SLT health underwriting 
risk sub–module, NSLT health underwriting risk sub–module and health catas ­
trophe risk sub–module, referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, calculated before loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions.  
R1700/C0270  Total net solvency capital 
requirement for health under ­
writing risk  This is the total net solvency capital requirement for the health underwriting risk 
module.  
R1700/C0280  Total gross solvency capital 
requirement for health under ­
writing risk  This is the total gross solvency capital requirement for the health underwriting 
risk module.  
S.26.05 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Non–Life underwriting risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.05.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) 
and for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
All values shall be reported net of reinsurance and other risk mitigating techniques.  
Amounts before and after shock shall be filled in with the amount of assets and liabilities sensitive to that shock. For the 
liabilities the assessment shall be done at the most granular level available between contract and homogeneous risk 
group. This means that if a contract/HRG is sensitive to a shock the amount of liabilities associated to that 
contract/HRG shall be reported as amount sensitive to that shock.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reportingEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/929