 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0250  LTG measures – TP 
subject to VA – Amount 
of TP gross of IGT  Indicate the amount of Total amount of TP gross of IGT (C0050) subject to volatility 
adjustment. The Technical Provisions are reported after transitional and with Risk 
Margin. 
The cell shall be filled in with amounts gross of reinsurance and IGT, including intra– 
group reinsurance.  
C0260  LTG measures – TP 
subject to MA – Amount 
of TP gross of IGT  Indicate the amount of Total amount of TP gross of IGT (C0050) subject to matching 
adjustment. 
The cell shall be filled in with amounts gross of reinsurance and IGT, including intra– 
group reinsurance.  
S.36.01 – IGT – Equity–type transactions, debt and asset transfer  
General comments:  
This template relates to the information that groups are requested to provide at least annually.  
This template shall report all (significant, very significant and transactions required to be reported in all circumstances) 
intra-group transactions between entities of a group related to equity, debt, reciprocal financing (  2 ) and asset transfers.  
These include, but are not limited to:  
— equity and other capital items including participations in related entities and transfer shares of related entities of the 
group;  
— debt including bonds, loans, collateralised debt, and other transactions of similar nature e.g. with periodic pre- 
determined interest or coupon or premium payments for a pre-determined period of time;  
— other asset transfer such as transfer of properties and transfer of shares of other companies unrelated (i.e. outside) to 
the group.  
This template shall include intragroup transactions that were:  
— in-force at the start of the reporting period.  
— incepted during the reporting period and outstanding at the reporting date.  
— incepted and expired/matured during the reporting period.  
Where two or more transactions between entities of the group which, from an economic perspective, contribute to the 
same risk, or, serve the same purpose/objective or are temporally connected in a plan, they shall be considered as a 
single economic operation.EN  L 120/1550 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023  
( 2 ) As set out in Article 223 of Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the 
takin-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance