 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 2 or 
more different currencies and the code in C0040 is defined by Asset ID code and the 
ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, the Asset ID Code Type shall refer to option 
99 and the option of the original Asset ID Code, as in the following example for which 
the code reported was ISIN code + currency: ‘99/1’.  
C0150  Item Title  Identify the reported item by filling the name of the asset (or the address in case of 
property), with the detail settled by the undertaking. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when relating to mortgage and 
loans to natural persons, this item shall contain ‘Loans to AMSB members’ or ‘Loans 
to other natural persons’, according to its nature, as those assets are not required to 
be individualised. Loans to other than natural persons shall be reported line–by– 
line. 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 95 – Plant and equipment (for own use) as those 
assets are not required to be individualised, CIC 71 and CIC 75. 
— When the collateral comprises insurance policies (regarding loans collateralised by 
insurance policies) those policies do not need to be individualised and this item is 
not applicable. 
— For property the country ISO Alpha-2 + postal code + city + street 
name + street number) of the property held or the latitude & longitude or the 
CRESTA/NUTS region of the property investment shall be reported: administrative 
boundaries (e.g. province or county boundaries, e.g. NUTS3 level) or merged postal 
code areas (e.g. first-two-digit postal code areas, similar to CRESTA 2019[2] low 
resolution zones).  
C0160  Issuer Name  Name of the issuer, defined as entity that issues assets to investors, representing part of 
its capital, part of its debt, derivatives, etc. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. When not 
available, corresponds to the legal name. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer name is 
the name of the fund manager;EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1239