 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030/R0020  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Basic own funds  Amount of the adjustment to the Basic own funds due to the application of the 
transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the basic own funds calculated considering the 
technical provisions without transitional deduction to technical provisions and the 
basic own funds calculated with the technical provisions with LTG and transitional 
measures.  
C0040/R0020  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own 
funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions without 
the adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the 
matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is not 
applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0020  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own 
funds  Amount of the adjustment to the basic own funds due to the application of the 
transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the basic own funds calculated considering the 
technical provisions without transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest 
rate term structure and the basic own funds calculated with the technical provisions 
reported under C0020.  
C0060/R0020  Without volatility 
adjustment and without 
other transitional 
measures – Basic own 
funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions without 
the adjustments due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, the transi ­
tional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the volatility 
adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the matching adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0020  Impact of volatility 
adjustment set to zero – 
Basic own funds  Amount of the adjustment to the Basic own funds due to the application of the 
volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the volatility adjustment to 
zero. 
It shall be the difference between the basic own funds calculated considering the 
technical provisions without volatility adjustment and without other transitional 
measures and the basic own funds calculated with the technical provisions reported 
under C0040.  
C0080/R0020  Without matching 
adjustment and without 
all the others – Basic own 
funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions without 
any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.EN  L 120/1246 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023