 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0360/R1630 – 
R1710  Estimated Risk Mitigation — 
specified Region  Per each of the 9 specified Regions the estimated risk mitigation effect, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the 
estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0360/R1720  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Hail specified Region 
before diversification  Total of the estimated risk mitigation for the 11 specified regions.  
C0360/R1910  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Hail Other Regions 
before diversification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation 
effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose 
vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0360/R1920  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Hail All Regions before 
diversification  Total of the estimated risk mitigation for all regions.  
C0370/R1630 – 
R1710  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums —specified Region  Per each of the 11 specified Regions the estimated reinstatement premiums, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, as a result of the undertaking ’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0370/R1720  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Hail 
specified Regions before diver ­
sification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for the 11 specified regions.  
C0370/R1910  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Hail Other 
Regions before diversification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement 
premiums, as a result of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and 
special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0370/R1920  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Hail All 
Regions before diversification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for all regions.  
C0380/R1630 – 
R1710  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation —specified 
Region  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the under ­
taking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this 
peril, arising from Hail in each of the 11 specified Regions, corresponding to the 
selected scenario.  
C0380/R1720  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total Hail 
specified Regions before diver ­
sification  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for 
the 11 specified regions.  
C0380/R1910  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total Hail 
Other Regions before diver ­
sification  Capital requirement after risk mitigation for Hail risk in regions other than the 
specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, including the 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1007