 
ITEM  INSTRUCTION  
C0310  Holdings in related under ­
takings, including participa ­
tions  Only applicable to CIC categories 3 – Equity and 4 – Collective Investment 
Undertakings. 
Identify if an equity and other share is a participation. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Not a participation; 
2 – Is a participation in which the look though approach in accordance with 
Article 84 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 is applied; 
3 – Is a participation in which the look though approach in accordance with 
Article 84 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 is not applied.  
C0320  External rating  Applicable at least to CIC categories 1 – Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 
5 – Structured notes, 6 – Collateralised securities, CIC 87 and CIC 88, where 
available. 
This is the issue rating of the asset at the reporting reference date as provided by 
the nominated credit assessment institution (ECAI). 
If an issue rating is not available, the item shall be left blank.  
C0330  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in 
C0320, by using the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In 
case of ratings issued by subsidiaries of the ECAI please report the parent ECAI 
(the reference is made to ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered or certified 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies). 
Applicable at least to CIC categories 1 – Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 
5 – Structured notes, 6 – Collateralised securities and 8 – Mortgages and Loans, 
(other than CIC 87 and CIC 88), where available. 
This item shall be reported where External rating (C0320) is reported. In case ‘No 
ECAI has been nominated and a simplification is used to calculate the SCR’, the 
External rating (C0320) shall be left blank and in Credit quality step (C0340) one 
of the following options shall be used: 2a; 3a or 3b.  
C0340  Credit quality step  Applicable to any asset for which Credit quality step needs to be attributed for the 
purpose of SCR calculation. 
Identify the credit quality step attributed to the asset, as defined by Article 109a 
(1) of Directive 2009/138/EC, by applying the mapping table prescribed in Imple ­
menting Regulation (EU) 2016/1800. 
The credit quality step shall in particular reflect any readjustments to the credit 
quality made internally by the undertakings that use the standard formula. 
This item is not applicable to assets for which undertakings using internal model 
use internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use internal 
rating, this item shall be reported. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0; 
1 – Credit quality step 1;EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/677