 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0150  Item Title  Identify the reported item by filling the name of the asset (or the address in case 
of property), with the detail settled by the undertaking. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when relating to mortgage 
and loans to natural persons, this item shall contain ‘Loans to AMSB 
members’ or ‘Loans to other natural persons’, according to its nature, as 
those assets are not required to be individualised. Loans to other than 
natural persons shall be reported line–by–line. 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 95 – Plant and equipment (for own use) as 
those assets are not required to be individualised, CIC 71 and CIC 75 
— When the collateral comprises insurance policies (regarding loans collat ­
eralised by insurance policies) those policies do not need to be individualised 
and this item is not applicable. 
— For property the country ISO Alpha-2 + postal code + city + street 
name + street number) of the property held or the latitude & longitude or 
the CRESTA/NUTS region of the property investment shall be reported: 
administrative boundaries (e.g. province or county boundaries, e.g. NUTS3 
level) or merged postal code areas (e.g. first-two-digit postal code areas, 
similar to CRESTA 2019[2] low resolution zones).  
C0160  Issuer Name  Name of the issuer, defined as the entity that issues assets to investors, repre ­
senting part of its capital, part of its debt, derivatives, etc. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. 
When not available, corresponds to the legal name. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer 
name is the name of the fund manager; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), 
the issuer name is the name of the depositary entity 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when relating to mortgage 
and loans to natural persons, this item shall contain ‘Loans to AMSB 
members’ or ‘Loans to other natural persons’, according to its nature, as 
those assets are not required to be individualised; 
— Regarding CIC 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than mortgage and loans to 
natural persons the information shall relate to the borrower; 
This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and – CIC category 9 – Property.  
C0170  Issuer Code  Identification code of the issuer code using the LEI if available. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer 
code is the code of the fund manager; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), 
the issuer code is the code of the depositary entityEN  L 120/704 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023