 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0110–R0120/ 
C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – interest rate risk 
– interest rate down/up shock  This is the gross capital charge for the interest rate down/up risk, i.e. before the 
loss absorbing capacity of Technical provisions 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents the gross capital charge for interest rate 
down/up risk calculated using simplifications.  
Equity risk  
R0200/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – equity risk  This is the net capital charge for equity risk, i.e. after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0200/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – equity risk  This is the gross capital charge for equity risk, i.e. before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions.  
R0210/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – equity risk – 
type 1 equities  This is the initial absolute value of the assets sensitive to the equity risk charge 
related to type 1 equities 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0210/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – equity risk 
– type 1 equities  This is the initial absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to equity risk related to 
type 1 equities. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0210/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Equity risk – type 1 
equities  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the equity risk charge related to 
type 1 equities category, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0210/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Equity risk –type 
1 equities  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to equity risk charge related to 
type 1 equities, after the shock and after the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0210/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – equity risk – 
type 1 equities  This is the net capital charge for equity risk (for type 1 equities), after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/881