 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0061  Type of code of insurer/re ­
insurer  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of insurer/reinsurer ’ item. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0070  Sector of the insurer/reinsurer  Financial sector of the provider within the meaning of Article 2(8) of Directive 
2002/87/EC, i.e., ‘insurance and reinsurance sector’. 
This column has been kept to be aligned with the templates used at financial 
conglomerate level.  
C0080  Indirect transactions  If reported intragroup transaction is part of an indirect transaction (cf. General 
comments supra), report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the related 
transaction in this cell. If more than two transactions are related, the ID code of 
the first related transaction needs to be reported as a reference to link all inter ­
connected transactions. 
If the reported intragroup transaction is not part of an indirect transaction, 
indicate No.  
C0090  Single economic operation  If the reported intragroup transaction is part of single economic operation (cf. 
General comments supra),report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the 
related transaction in this cell. If more than two transactions are related, the ID 
code of the first related transaction needs to be reported as a reference to link all 
interconnected transactions. 
If the reported intragroup transaction is not part of single economic operation, 
indicate No.  
C0100  Type of transaction  Identify the type of contract/treaty. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – insurance 
2 – reinsurance  
C0110  Transaction  If C0100 = reinsurance, then identify the type of reinsurance contract/treaty. The 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – quota share 
2 – variable quota share 
3 – surplus 
4 – excess of loss (per event and per risk) 
5 – excess of loss (per risk) 
6 – excess of loss (per event) 
7 – excess of loss ‘back-up’ (protection against follow-on events which certain 
catastrophes can cause such as flooding or fire) 
8 – excess of loss with basis risk 
9 – reinstatement cover 
10 – aggregate excess of loss 
11 – unlimited excess of lossEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1111