 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium risk, 
otherwise catastrophe risk will be reported using separate codes described in the 
‘DISTRIBUTION OF LOSSES FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG 
file.  
C0120  Internal Line of Business  Premium risk gross/net of reinsurance for each internal LoB. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium risk, 
otherwise catastrophe risk will be reported using separate codes described in the 
‘DISTRIBUTION OF LOSSES FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG 
file.  
R0610  Gross Written Premium  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the financial year 
in respect of insurance contracts, arising from direct business, regardless of the 
fact that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later financial year.  
R0620  Gross Earned Premium  It is the sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision 
for unearned premiums related to insurance direct business.  
R0630  Gross written premium 
planned in the 12 months post 
the reporting Reference Date  Gross premium planned to be written within the 12 months following the 
reporting reference date via binder agreements either signed before or after the 
reference date.  
R0640  Gross written unearned 
premium at the Reference Date 
(only if premium provision 
allocated to premium risk)  Written unearned premium gross of reinsurance. This cell should be filled in if the 
premium provision at the reporting reference date is allocated to premium risk.  
R0650  Premium Provision – 
discounted (only if premium 
provision allocated to 
premium risk)  The discounted sum of future cash flows that comprise the premium provisions, 
gross of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts, special purpose 
vehicles and finite reinsurance regarding direct and accepted business. This cell 
should be filled in if the premium provision at the reporting reference date is 
allocated to premium risk.  
R0660  Solvency Capital Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings need to 
face their risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each 
internal line of business, SII LoBs and aggregate level based on gross of 
reinsurance data.  
R0670  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean loss ratio of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained 
based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R0680  Simulated (output) standard 
deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output 
obtained based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a 
discounted basis).  
R0690-R0900  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in 
the table related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation 
process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).EN  L 120/972 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023