 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0200  Country of residency  Identify the ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code for the country where the reinsurer is legally 
authorised/licensed.  
C0210  External rating 
assessment by nominated 
ECAI  The actual/current rating that is considered by the group. 
If the rating is not available the item shall be left blank and the reinsurer shall be 
identified as ‘9 – no rating available’ in column C0230 (Credit quality step). 
This item is not applicable to reinsurers for which undertakings using internal model 
use internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use internal rating, this 
item shall be reported. 
In case ‘Multiple ECAI’ is reported in C0220 report the most representative external 
rating.  
C0220  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in C0210, by 
using the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In case of ratings issued 
by subsidiaries of the ECAI please report the parent ECAI (the reference is to ESMA list 
of credit rating agencies registered or certified in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies). 
—  
C0230  Credit quality step  Identify the credit quality step attributed to the reinsurer. The credit quality step shall 
reflect any readjustments to the credit quality made internally by the group that use the 
standard formula. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1 
2 – Credit quality step 2 
3 – Credit quality step 3 
4 – Credit quality step 4 
5 – Credit quality step 5 
6 – Credit quality step 6 
9 – No rating available  
C0240  Internal rating  Internal rating of the reinsurer for groups using internal model to the extent that the 
internal ratings are used in their internal modelling. If an internal model undertaking is 
using solely external ratings this item shall not be reported.EN  L 120/1524 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023