 
C0610/R2200  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine Tanker Collision 
before risk mitigation  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for risks arising from 
Marine Tanker Collision.  
C0620/R2200  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from Marine Tanker Collision, 
excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0630/R2200  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums  The estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the group’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from 
Marine Tanker Collision.  
C0640/R2200  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine Tanker Collision 
after risk mitigation  The total capital requirement after risk mitigation, after the deduction of the risk 
mitigating effect of the group’s specific retrocession contracts and special purpose 
vehicles, relating to risks arising from Marine Tanker Collision.  
C0650/R2200  Name vessel  Name of the corresponding vessel.  
Man–made catastrophe 
risk – Marine Platform 
Explosion  
C0660–C0700/ 
R2300  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine Platform 
Explosion –  Type of cover  
– before risk mitigation  This is the capital requirement before risk mitigation, per type of cover (Property 
damage, Removal of wreckage, Loss of production income, Capping of the well or 
making the well secure, Liability insurance and reinsurance obligations), for risks 
arising from Marine Platform Explosion. 
The maximum relates to all oil and gas offshore platforms insured by the 
insurance or reinsurance group in respect of platform explosion in lines of 
business: 
Marine, aviation and transport, including proportional reinsurance obligations; 
and 
Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance. 
The amount per type of cover is equal to the sum insured for the specific type of 
cover accepted by the insurance or reinsurance group in relation to the selected 
platform.  
C0710/R2300  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine Platform 
Explosion before risk 
mitigation  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for risks arising from 
Marine Platform Explosion.  
C0720/R2300  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from Marine Platform 
Explosion, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1505