 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0630/C0120  DTL – After the shock  Amount of Deferred Tax Liabilities (DTL) if a balance-sheet using Solvency II 
valuation was set up after the instantaneous loss, as provided for in 
Article 207(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
This cell shall be left blank in case of an average tax rate approach and where 
R0590/C0109 is filled with ‘1-Yes’.  
R0640/C0130  LAC DT  Amount of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in accordance 
with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. The LAC amount of 
this cell shall be the same as the value in the cell R0150/C0100 in S.25.01.01.  
R0650/C0130  LAC DT justified by reversion 
of deferred tax liabilities  Amount of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in accordance 
with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, justified by reversion 
of deferred tax liabilities  
R0660/C0130  LAC DT justified by reference 
to probable future taxable 
economic profit  Amount of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in accordance 
with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, justified by reference 
to probable future taxable economic profit  
R0670/C0130  LAC DT justified by carry 
back, current year  Amount of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in accordance 
with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, justified by profits 
from past years. Amount of the losses allocated to the next year.  
R0680/C0130  LAC DT justified by carry 
back, future years  Amount of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, calculated in accordance 
with Article 207 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, justified by profits 
from past years. Amount of losses allocated to the years after next year.  
R0690/C0130  Maximum LAC DT  Maximal amount of loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes, that could be 
available, before the assessment whether the increase in net deferred tax assets 
can be used for the purposes of the adjustment, as provided for in Article 207(2) 
of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
S.25.05 – Solvency Capital Requirement – for undertakings using an internal model (partial or full)  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring-fenced funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part when an internal model is used for the calculation of the Solvency Capital Requirement.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and insurance and reinsurance undertakings.  
The purpose of this template is to collect data on an aggregate level and show diversification benefits between separate 
risk modules. All values should be reported before any tax effects unless otherwise stated.  
Partial internal models:  
All rows for C0010 refer to the amount of the capital charge for each component regardless of the method of 
calculation (either standard formula or partial internal model), after the adjustments for loss-absorbing capacity of 
technical provision and/or deferred taxes when they are embedded in the component calculation.  
For the components Loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions and/or deferred taxes when reported as a separate 
component it should be the amount of the loss-absorbing capacity (these amounts should be reported as negative 
values).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/871