 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090  Instrument underlying the 
derivative  ID Code of the instrument (asset or liability) underlying the derivative contract. 
This item is to be provided only for derivatives that have a single or multiple 
underlying instruments in the undertakings’ portfolio. An index is considered a 
single instrument and shall be reported. Identification code of the instrument 
underlying the derivative using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking for the underling instrument when the 
options above are not available and must be unique and consistent over time 
for that instrument; 
— ‘Multiple assets/liabilities ’, if the underlying assets or liabilities are more than 
one. 
If the underlying instrument is an index, then the code of the index shall be 
reported.  
C0100  Type of code of asset or 
liability underlying the 
derivative  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Instrument underlying the derivative’ item. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 — ISO/6166 for ISIN 
2 — CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 — SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 — WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 — Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s secur ­
ities) 
6 — BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 — Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 — FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 — Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 — Code attributed by the undertaking in case that none of the above options 
are available. This option shall also be used for the cases of ‘Multiple assets/lia ­
bilities’ and indexes  
C0110  Use of derivative  Describe the use of the derivative (micro/macro hedge, efficient portfolio manage ­
ment). 
Micro hedge refers to derivatives covering a single financial instrument (asset or 
liability), forecasted transaction or other liability. 
Macro hedge refers to derivatives covering a set of financial instruments (assets or 
liabilities), forecasted transactions or other liabilities.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/689