 
This template contains information on gains/income and losses by asset category (including derivatives). i.e., no item– 
by–item reporting is required. The asset categories considered in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets 
Categories.  
Items shall be reported with positive values unless otherwise stated in the respective instructions.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040  Asset category  Identify the asset categories present in the portfolio. 
Use the categories defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories.  
C0050  Portfolio  Distinction between life, non–life, shareholder’s funds, other internal funds, 
general (no split) and ring-fenced funds. Gains/income and losses regarding 
assets underlying life technical provisions shall be assigned to life portfolio and 
gains/income and losses regarding assets underlying non-life technical provisions 
shall be assigned to non-life portfolio (by applying the available most precise 
split). 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Life 
2 – Non–life 
3 – Ring fenced funds 
4 – Other internal funds 
5 – Shareholders ’ funds 
6 – General 
The split is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory 
authority, except for identifying ring fenced funds, but shall be reported if the 
undertaking uses it internally. When an undertaking does not apply a split 
‘general’ shall be used.  
C0060  Asset held in unit linked and 
index linked contracts  Identify the assets that are held by unit linked and index linked contracts. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Unit–linked or index–linked 
2 – Neither unit–linked nor index–linked  
C0070  Dividends  Amount of dividends earned over the reporting period, i.e. dividends received less 
the right to receive a dividend already recognised at the beginning of the reporting 
period, plus the right to receive a dividend recognised at the end of the reporting 
period. Applicable to dividend paying assets such as equity, preferred securities 
and collective investment undertakings. 
Includes also dividends received from assets that have been sold or matured.  
C0080  Interest  Amount of interest earned, i.e. interest received less accrued interest at the start of 
the period plus accrued interest at the end of the reporting period. 
Includes interest received when the asset is sold/matured or when the coupon is 
received. 
Applicable to coupon and interest paying assets such as bonds, loans and 
deposits.EN  L 120/696 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023