 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040/R0040  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own funds 
– Restricted own funds due to 
ring–fencing and matching 
portfolio  Total amount of restricted own funds due to ring–fencing calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to 
the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, but keeping the adjustments due 
to the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is 
not applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0040  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own funds 
– Restricted own funds due to 
ring–fencing and matching 
portfolio  Amount of the adjustment to the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing due to 
the application of the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing 
calculated considering the technical provisions without transitional adjustment to 
the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the restricted own funds due 
to ring–fencing calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0020.  
C0060/R0040  Without volatility adjustment 
and without other transitional 
measures – Basic own funds – 
Restricted own funds due to 
ring–fencing and matching 
portfolio  Total amount of restricted own funds due to ring–fencing calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustments due to the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions, the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest 
rate term structure and the volatility adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due 
to the matching adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0040  Impact of volatility adjustment 
set to zero – Basic own funds 
– Restricted own funds due to 
ring–fencing and matching 
portfolio  Amount of the adjustment to the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing due to 
the application of the volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the 
volatility adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing 
calculated considering the technical provisions without volatility adjustment and 
without other transitional measures and the restricted own funds due to ring– 
fencing calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0040  Without matching adjustment 
and without all the others – 
Basic own funds – Restricted 
own funds due to ring–fencing 
and matching portfolio  Total amount of restricted own funds due to ring–fencing calculated considering 
technical provisions without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0040  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – Basic 
own funds – Restricted own 
funds due to ring–fencing and 
matching portfolio  Amount of the adjustment to the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing due to 
the application of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting 
the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero.EN  L 120/790 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023