 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other 
templates.  
R0010/C0010  Captives simplifications – non 
life premium and reserve risk  Identify whether a captive undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of 
non–life premium and reserve risk. One of the options in the following closed list 
shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, only C0060, C0070 and C0090 shall be filled in for R0100 
– R0230.  
R0011/C0010  Simplifications used – non-life 
lapse risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of non-life 
underwriting risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 90a 
9 – Simplification not used  
Non–life premium and Reserve Risk  
R0100–R0210/ 
C0020  Standard deviation for 
premium risk – USP Standard 
Deviation  This is the undertaking specific standard deviation for premium risk for each 
segment as calculated by the undertaking and approved or prescribed by the 
supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no undertaking specific parameter is used.  
R0100–R0210/ 
C0030  USP Standard Deviation 
gross/net  Identify if the USP standard Deviation was applied gross or net. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – USP gross 
2 – USP net  
R0100–R0210/ 
C0040  Standard deviation for 
premium risk – USP – 
Adjustment factor for non – 
proportional reinsurance  This is the undertaking specific adjustment factor for non – proportional 
reinsurance of each segment allows undertakings to take into account the risk 
– mitigating effect of particular per risk excess of loss reinsurance – as calculated 
by the undertaking and approved or prescribed by the supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no undertaking specific parameter is used.EN  L 120/930 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023