 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0250  Preference shares – Details of 
further call dates  These are the further call dates of the preference shares.  
C0260  Preference shares – Details of 
incentives to redeem  These are the incentives to redeem the preference share.  
C0270  Description of subordinated 
liabilities  This shall list the individual subordinated liabilities for a group.  
C0280  Subordinated liabilities – 
Amount  This is the amount of individual subordinated liabilities.  
C0290  Subordinated liabilities – Tier  This shall indicate the tier of the subordinated liabilities.  
C0300  Subordinated liabilities – 
Currency Code  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency.  
C0311  Subordinated liabilities – 
Issuing entity  This shall indicate the code of the issuing entity of the subordinated liabilities 
belonging to the group in the meaning of Article 212(1)(c) of Directive 
2009/138/EC.  
C0320  Subordinated liabilities – 
Lender (if specific)  This shall list the lender of the subordinated liabilities if specific. If not specific 
this item shall not be reported.  
C0330  Subordinated liabilities – 
Counted under transitionals?  This shall indicate whether the subordinated liability is counted under the transi ­
tional provisions. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Counted under transitionals 
2 – Not counted under transitionals  
C0340  Subordinated liabilities – 
Counterparty of subordinated 
liabilities – (if specific)  This shall list the counterparty of the subordinated liabilities belonging to the 
group in the meaning of Article 212(1)(c) of Directive 2009/138/EC, if any. If not 
specific this item shall not be reported. This column is kept for the internal 
lenders, if any.  
C0350  Subordinated liabilities – Issue 
date  This is the issue date of the subordinated liabilities. This shall be in ISO 8601 
format (yyyy–mm–dd).EN  L 120/1318 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023