 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0710/C0080  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 
1 – redeemed  This is the amount of Tier 1 subordinated liabilities redeemed over the reporting 
period.  
R0710/C0090  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 
1 – movements in valuation  This is an amount reflecting the movements in valuation of Tier 1 subordinated 
liabilities over the reporting period.  
R0710/C0100  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 
1 – regulatory action  This is an amount reflecting change to Tier 1 subordinated liabilities due to 
regulatory action.  
R0710/C0060  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 
1 – balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 1 subordinated liabilities carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
R0720/C0010  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 2 
– balance brought forward  This is the balance of Tier 2 subordinated liabilities brought forward from the 
previous reporting period.  
R0720/C0070  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 2 
– issued  This is the amount of Tier 2 subordinated liabilities issued over the reporting 
period.  
R0720/C0080  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 2 
– redeemed  This is the amount of Tier 2 subordinated liabilities redeemed over the reporting 
period.  
R0720/C0090  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 2 
– movements in valuation  This is an amount reflecting the movements in valuation of Tier 2 subordinated 
liabilities over the reporting period.  
R0720/C0100  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 2 
– regulatory action  This is an amount reflecting change to Tier 2 subordinated liabilities due to 
regulatory action.  
R0720/C0060  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 2 
– balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 2 subordinated liabilities carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
R0730/C0010  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 
3– balance brought forward  This is the balance of Tier 3 subordinated liabilities brought forward from the 
previous reporting period.  
R0730/C0070  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 3 
– issued  This is the amount of Tier 3 subordinated liabilities issued over the reporting 
period.  
R0730/C0080  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 3 
– redeemed  This is the amount of Tier 3 subordinated liabilities redeemed over the reporting 
period.  
R0730/C0090  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 3 
– movements in valuation  This is an amount reflecting the movements in valuation of Tier 3 subordinated 
liabilities over the reporting period.  
R0730/C0100  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 3 
– regulatory action  This is an amount reflecting change to Tier 3 subordinated liabilities due to 
regulatory action.  
R0730/C0060  Subordinated liabilities –Tier 3 
– balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 3 subordinated liabilities carried forward to the next 
reporting period.EN  L 120/838 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023