 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
These persons are insured against the following types of event: 
— Death caused by an accident; 
— Permanent disability caused by an accident; 
— Disability that lasts 10 years caused by an accident; 
— Disability that lasts 12 months caused by an accident; 
— Medical treatment caused by an accident.  
C1320/R3700 – 
R4010, 
C1330/R3700 – 
R4010, 
C1350/R3700 – 
R4010, 
C1360/R3700 – 
R4010  Average sum insured per type 
of event  The average value of benefits payable by insurance and reinsurance undertakings 
for the largest accident risk concentration.  
C1370/R3700 – 
R4010  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation  Capital requirement before risk mitigation, for each country, arising from the 
health sub–module concentration accident.  
C1410  Other countries to be 
considered in the Concen ­
tration accident  Identify the ISO code of other countries to be considered in the Concentration 
accident.  
C1370/R4020  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Concentration accident all 
countries before diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation, before diversification 
effect between countries, for the health sub–module concentration accident.  
C1370/R4030  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect between 
countries  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the health sub–module 
concentration accident relating to the different countries.  
C1370/R4040  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Concentration accident all 
countries after diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation, after diversification 
effect between countries, for the health sub–module concentration accident.  
C1380/R3700 – 
R4010  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Countries  For each of the countries identified the estimated risk mitigation effect of the 
undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating 
to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C1380/R4020  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Concentration accident 
all countries before diversifi ­
cation  Total of estimated risk mitigation effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles for all countries.EN  L 120/1024 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023