 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020  Identification code of the 
undertaking  Identification code by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
Specific code: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings other than insurance and reinsurance undertakings within 
the scope of group supervision: identification code used in the local market, attributed by 
the undertaking’s competent supervisory authority; 
— For non–EEA undertakings and non–regulated undertakings within the scope of group 
supervision, identification code will be provided by the group. When allocating an 
identification code to each non–EEA or non–regulated undertaking, the group should 
comply with the following format in a consistent manner: 
identification code of the parent undertaking + ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the 
country of the undertaking + 5 digits  
C0030  Type of code of the ID of 
the undertaking  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the undertaking’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0040  Asset category  Identify the asset categories present in the portfolio. 
Use the categories defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories.  
C0050  Portfolio  Distinction between life, non–life, shareholder’s funds, general (no split) and ring-fenced 
funds. 
Gains/income and losses regarding assets underlying life technical provisions shallbe assigned 
to life portfolio and gains/income and losses regarding assets underlying non-life technical 
provisions shall be assigned to non-life portfolio (by applying the available most precise 
split). 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Life 
2 – Non–life 
3 – Ring fenced funds 
4 – Other internal funds 
5 – Shareholders’ funds 
6 – General 
The split is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory authority, 
except for identifying ring fenced funds, but shall be reported if the undertaking uses it 
internally. When an undertaking does not apply a split ‘general’ shall be used.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1225