 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020/R0030  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – Basic 
own funds – Excess of assets 
over liabilities  Total amount of excess of assets over liabilities calculated considering technical 
provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical 
provisions, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the 
matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0030  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – Basic 
own funds – Excess of assets 
over liabilities  Amount of the adjustment to the excess of assets over liabilities due to the 
application of the transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the excess of assets over liabilities calculated 
considering the technical provisions without transitional deduction to technical 
provisions and the excess of assets over liabilities calculated with the technical 
provisions with LTG and transitional measures.  
C0040/R0030  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own funds 
– Excess of assets over liabil ­
ities  Total amount of excess of assets over liabilities calculated considering technical 
provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to the 
relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, but keeping the adjustments due 
to the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is 
not applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0030  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own funds 
– Excess of assets over liabil ­
ities  Amount of the adjustment to the excess of assets over liabilities due to the 
application of the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the excess of assets over liabilities calculated 
considering the technical provisions without transitional adjustment to the 
relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the excess of assets over liabilities 
calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0020.  
C0060/R0030  Without volatility adjustment 
and without other transitional 
measures – Basic own funds – 
Excess of assets over liabilities  Total amount of excess of assets over liabilities calculated considering technical 
provisions without the adjustments due to the transitional deduction to technical 
provisions, the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term 
structure and the volatility adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the 
matching adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0030  Impact of volatility adjustment 
set to zero – Basic own funds 
– Excess of assets over liabil ­
ities  Amount of the adjustment to the excess of assets over liabilities due to the 
application of the volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the 
volatility adjustment to zero.EN  L 120/788 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023