 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
General information  
C0010/R0020  Type of shock model for 
market risk  For market & credit risk, internal models regarding the 1-year-time-horizon of 
Solvency II roughly follow two approaches. Instantaneous shock models or a projection 
over 1 year, at the end of which e.g. a bond with two years maturity at the beginning 
of the projection would have a maturity of one year. The undertaking is asked to 
answer the question for ‘market risk’. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Instantaneous shock model 
2 – Projection model  
C0010/R0030  Type of shock model for 
credit risk  For market & credit risk, internal models regarding the 1-year-time-horizon of 
Solvency II roughly follow two approaches. Instantaneous shock models or a projection 
over 1 year, at the end of which e.g. a bond with two years maturity at the beginning 
of the projection would have a maturity of one year. The answer should be given for 
‘credit risk’. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Instantaneous shock model 
2 – Projection model  
C0010/R0040  Coverage of non- 
financial instruments  Identifies whether credit risk for non-financial instruments is covered in the tables 2 
and 3 and to which extent. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – No 
2 – Fully 
3 – Partial 
The choice relates mainly to the approach of modelling ‘credit event’ risk, i.e. ‘migration’ 
and ‘default’. Especially so called ‘credit portfolio models’ cover not only investments 
but for example also reinsurance, receivables and also off-balance sheet items. 
The corresponding information is relevant for the interpretation of credit risk related 
line R12 to R17 in table 2 (‘marginal risks’, S.26.09 R0150 to R0200) and for table 3 
(‘combined risks’, to S.26.09 R0010 to R0030).  
STAND ALONE MARKET AND CREDIT RISK: ‘SCR’ AND DISTRIBUTION DATA  
C0020-C0060/ 
R0040  Interest rate risk sum  Sum of the respective values of C0020-C0060/R0060 and C0020-C0060/R0070.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1431