 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0040/C0010  Simplifications used: health 
disability– morbidity risk – 
Income protection  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of health 
disability morbidity risk – Income protection. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0040/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0340.  
R0050/C0010  Simplifications used: SLT lapse 
risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of lapse 
risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 102 
2 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 102a 
9 – Simplifications not used 
Options 1 and 2 may be used simultaneously. 
If R0050/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0400 to 
R0420.  
R0051/C0010  Simplifications – NSLT lapse 
risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of lapse 
risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 96a 
9 – Simplifications not used  
R0060/C0010  Simplifications used: health 
expense risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of health 
expense risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0060/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0500.  
SLT health underwriting risk  
R0100/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Health 
mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to health mortality risk, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0100/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Health 
mortality risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to health mortality risk, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Health mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to health mortality risk charge, 
after the shock (i.e. permanent increase in mortality rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/915