 
S.06.03 – Collective investment undertakings – look–through approach  
General comments:  
This section relates to the quarterly and annual submission of information for groups.  
This template contains information on the look through of collective investment undertakings, or investments packaged 
as funds and similar undertakings, including when they are participations by underlying asset category, country of issue 
and currency. Considering proportionality and specific instructions of the template, the look through shall be performed 
until the asset categories, countries and currencies are identified. In case of funds of funds the look–through shall follow 
the same approach.  
The template shall include information corresponding to 100 % of the value invested in collective investment under ­
takings. However for the identification of countries the look–through shall be implemented in order to identify the 
exposures of 90 % of the total value of the funds minus the amounts related to CIC 8 and 9, and for the identification 
of currencies the look–through shall be implemented in order to identify the exposures of 90 % of the total value of the 
funds. Groups shall ensure that the 10 % not identified by country is diversified across geographical areas, for example 
that not more than 5 % is in one single country. The look-through shall be applied by groups starting from the major, 
considering the amount invested, to the lowest single fund and the approach shall be kept consistent over time.  
Quarterly information shall only be reported when the ratio of collective investments undertakings held by the group to 
total investments, measured as the ratio between item C0010/R0180 of template S.02.01 plus collective investments 
undertakings included in item C0010/R0220 of template S.02.01 plus collective investments undertakings included in 
item C0010/R0090 and the sum of item C0010/R0070 and C0010/RC0220 of template S.02.01, is higher than 30 % 
when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used exclusively. When method 1 is used in 
combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC or method 2 is used exclusively the 
ratio needs to be adjusted in order to capture the items of all entities included in the scope of template S.06.02.  
Items shall be reported with positive values unless otherwise stated in the respective instructions.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to CIC codes refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
This template shall include the look–through of all collective investment undertakings, or investments packaged as funds 
and similar undertakings, including when they are participations by underlying asset category, reported item–by–item in 
S.06.02. If one collective investment undertaking, or investment packaged as fund and similar undertaking is held by 
many undertakings, in this template it shall be reported only once.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Collective Investments 
Undertaking ID Code  Asset ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the group, when the options above are not available, and must be 
consistent over time.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1201