 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090-C0210  Percentiles  Percentiles of the loss distribution (losses corresponds to the right tail) net of risk 
mitigating contracts per scenario.  
C0220/R0030  Total undiversified 
Level 2  Sum of stand-alone capital requirements contributions for Level 2 operational risks 
classification. 
Any lower aggregation level should be already considered.  
C0220/R0040  Sum of diversification 
inside Level 2 items  Difference between the sum of undiversified leaf risks SCR and C0220/R0030. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value. 
For example, if the lower level is L3 (the ones quantified with probability distributions), 
enter the difference between the sum of Level 3 and the sum of Level 2 (standalone).  
C0220/R0050  Total undiversified 
Level 1  Sum of stand-alone capital requirements contributions for Level 1 operational risks 
classification Any lower aggregation level should be already considered.  
C0220/R0060  Operational risk – diver ­
sification between 
Level 1 items  Difference of C0220/R0050 and C0220/R0070. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value.  
C0220/R0070  Operational risk – diver ­
sified  Diversified operational risk capital requirement net of risk mitigating contracts.  
S.26.16 – Internal model – Model Changes  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
The purpose of this template is to collect information on the characteristics of the changes to the model according to 
the approved model change policy and on how the SCR has moved in an annual reporting period due to these changes, 
that were implemented in that period. This period may be different from the one determined by the model change 
policy on the accumulation of minor changes, for instance.  
Minor changes to the model should not be double counted within or across reporting periods. Therefore, if a major 
change includes minor changes or is the accumulation of minor changes, then either:  
— remove the impact of these minor changes in the major change if the minor changes were implemented in a 
previous reporting period; or  
— include them in the ‘total minor changes’ and remove their effect from the major change due to accumulation of 
minor change impact.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1475