 
S.28.01 – Minimum Capital Requirement – Only life or only non–life insurance or reinsurance activity  
General comments:  
This section relates to opening, quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities.  
In particular, S.28.01 is to be submitted by insurance and reinsurance undertakings other than insurance undertakings 
engaged in both life and non–life insurance activity. These undertakings shall submit S.28.02 instead.  
This template shall be completed on the basis of Solvency II valuation, i.e. written premiums are defined as the 
premiums due to be received by the undertaking in the period (as defined in Article 1(11) of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35).  
All references to technical provisions address technical provisions after application of Long Term Guarantee measures 
and transitionals.  
The calculation of MCR combines a linear formula with a floor of 25 % and a cap of 45 % of the SCR. The MCR is 
subject to an absolute floor depending on the nature of the undertaking (as defined in Article 129(1)(d) of Directive 
2009/138/EC).  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Linear formula component for 
non–life insurance and 
reinsurance obligations – 
MCR  NL  Result  This is the linear formula component for non–life insurance and reinsurance 
obligations calculated in accordance with Article 250 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
C0020/R0020  Medical expense insurance and 
proportional reinsurance – Net 
(of reinsurance/SPV) best 
estimate and TP calculated as a 
whole  These are the technical provisions for medical expense insurance and proportional 
reinsurance, without risk margin after deduction of the amounts recoverable from 
reinsurance contracts and SPVs, with a floor equal to zero.  
C0030/R0020  Medical expense insurance and 
proportional reinsurance – net 
(of reinsurance) written 
premiums in the last 12 
months  These are the premiums written for medical expense insurance and proportional 
reinsurance during the (rolling) last 12 months, after deduction of premiums for 
reinsurance contracts, with a floor equal to zero. Amount of taxes or charges 
levied with premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums.  
C0020/R0030  Income protection insurance 
and proportional reinsurance – 
net (of reinsurance/SPV) best 
estimate and TP calculated as a 
whole  These are the technical provisions for income protection insurance and propor ­
tional reinsurance, without risk margin after deduction of the amounts recoverable 
from reinsurance contracts and SPVs, with a floor equal to zero.  
C0030/R0030  Income protection insurance 
and proportional reinsurance – 
net (of reinsurance) written 
premiums in the last 12 
months  These are the premiums written for income protection insurance and proportional 
reinsurance during the (rolling) last 12 months, after deduction of premiums for 
reinsurance contracts, with a floor equal to zero. Amount of taxes or charges 
levied with premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums.  
C0020/R0040  Workers’ compensation 
insurance and proportional 
reinsurance – net (of reinsur ­
ance/SPV) best estimate and TP 
calculated as a whole  These are the technical provisions for workers’ compensation insurance and 
proportional reinsurance, without risk margin after deduction of the amounts 
recoverable from reinsurance contracts and SPVs, with a floor equal to zero.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1027