 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0051  Number of contracts 
surrendered during year  Number of contracts that surrendered during reporting year. 
Where a contract is only partially surrendered or has turned into paid-up status, 
this should not be counted as a surrender for the purpose of C0051 as the 
contract is still in the book of business. 
Not applicable for annuities stemming from non-life contracts.  
C0054  Number of insured at the end 
of the year  Number of insured persons at the end of the year with respect to the contracts 
reported in C0040. 
The number of insured should correspond to the number of policyholders for a 
contract. In the case of collective/group policies, where the ‘policyholder’ acts both 
as a distributor and as a policyholder, the number of insured should correspond 
to the number of insured persons joining the collect/group contract.  
C0055  Fiscal treatment of the 
products  This field is to provide information on the fiscal treatment of the products, in 
particular when fiscal treatment could influence decision on exercising surrender/ 
cancellation. The following closed list should be used: 
1 – In case of lapse/surrender there is no tax or subsidy related loss 
2 – In case of lapse/surrender past or future tax benefits or other subsidies are lost 
3 – Other tax related losses not covered above 
4 – Not applicable 
Option 1 includes cases where policyholders would suffer a tax or subsidy loss 
unless a similar insurer is willing to accept the contract. 
Tax benefits that relate to future premiums i.e. where premiums reduce future 
income tax payments are not relevant for the purpose of above classification. 
Whether for a particular contract within a product a fiscal loss actually would 
occur at the valuation date may depend on individual contractual parameters like 
duration or the age of the policyholder. For the purpose of the reporting in 
C0210 no differentiation according to such parameters is however required. 
The criteria should be chosen where such a fiscal loss may occur for the 
contracts of that product. 
Not applicable for annuities stemming from non-life contracts.  
C0080  Country  Country ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code or list of codes according to the following 
instructions: 
— ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the country where the contract was entered into, 
for countries representing more than 10 % of technical provisions or written 
premiums for a given product. 
— For countries representing less than 10 % of Technical Provisions or written 
premiums for a given product, report a list of ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 Codes of 
the countries concerned.  
Portfolio product  
C0020  Fund number  Applicable to product that are part of ring-fenced funds or other internal funds – 
defined at national level, in particular regarding funds (asset portfolios) supporting 
life products.EN  L 120/732 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023