 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Maximum value – Guar ­
antees provided by the 
group, including letters 
of credit  Sum of all possible cash out–flows related to guarantees if events triggering guarantees 
were all to happen in relation to guarantees provided by the group to another party. It 
includes cash–flows related to letter of credit. 
In case any guarantee is also identified as contingent liability under R0310, the 
maximum amount shall also be included in this row.  
C0020/R0010  Value of guarantee/col ­
lateral/contingent 
liabilities – Guarantees 
provided by the group, 
including letters of credit  Solvency II value of the guarantees provided by the group, including letters of credit.  
C0010/R0030  Maximum value – Guar ­
antees received by the 
group, including letters 
of credit  Sum of all possible cash in–flows related to guarantees if events triggering guarantees 
were all to happen in relation to guarantees received by the group from another party 
to guarantee the payment of the liabilities due by the group (includes letter of credit, 
undrawn committed borrowing facilities).  
C0020/R0030  Value of guarantee/col ­
lateral/contingent 
liabilities – Guarantees 
received by the group, 
including letters of credit  Solvency II value of the guarantees received by the group, including letters of credit.  
C0020/R0100  Value of guarantee/col ­
lateral/contingent 
liabilities – Collateral 
held for loans made or 
bonds purchased  Solvency II value of the collaterals held for loans made or bonds purchased. 
Other local/sectoral valuation principles than Solvency II ones may be relevant in this 
case.  
C0020/R0110  Value of guarantee/col ­
lateral/contingent 
liabilities – Collateral 
held for derivatives  Solvency II value of the collaterals held for derivatives. 
Other local/sectoral valuation principles than Solvency II ones may be relevant in this 
case.  
C0020/R0120  Value of guarantee/col ­
lateral/contingent 
liabilities – Assets 
pledged by reinsurers for 
ceded technical provi ­
sions  Solvency II value of the assets pledged by reinsurers for ceded technical provisions. 
Other local/sectoral valuation principles than Solvency II ones may be relevant in this 
case.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1159