 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0480  Total Operational risk  Same as S.26.08.04 C0010/R0480.  
C0010/R0490  Total Operational risk – 
diversified  Same as S.26.08.04 C0010/R0490.  
C0010/R0500  Other risk  Same as S.26.08.04 C0010/R0500.  
C0050/R0020- 
R0530  Allocation from 
adjustments due to RFF 
and Matching adjustment 
portfolios  Where applicable, part of the adjustment allocated to each risk module and submodule 
according to the procedure described in the general comments. This amount shall be 
positive. 
Applicable only for partial internal models.  
C0060/R0020- 
R0530  Consideration of the 
future management 
actions regarding 
technical provisions 
and/or deferred taxes  To identify if the future management actions relating to the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions and/or deferred taxes are embedded in the calculation. The 
following closed list of options shall be used: 
1 – Future management actions regarding the loss-absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions embedded within the component 
2 – Future management actions regarding the loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes 
embedded within the component 
3 – Future management actions regarding the loss-absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions and deferred taxes embedded within the component 
4 – No embedded consideration of future management actions.  
C0070/R0020- 
R0530  Amount modelled  For each component, this cell represents the amount calculated according to the partial 
internal model. 
Applicable only for partial internal models.  
R0110/C0100  Total undiversified 
components  Sum of all components.  
R0060/C0100  Diversification  The total amount of the diversification among components reported in C0030. 
This amount does not include diversification effects inside each component, which shall 
be embedded in the values reported in C0030. 
This amount should be reported as negative value.  
R0120/C0100  Adjustment due to 
RFF/MAP nSCR aggre ­
gation  When applicable, adjustment to correct the bias on SCR calculation due to aggregation 
of RFF/MAP nSCR at risk module level. 
Applicable only for partial internal models.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1339