 II 
(Non-legislative acts)  
REGULATIONS  
COMMISSION IMPLEMENTING REGULATION (EU) 2023/894  
of 4 April 2023  
laying down implementing technical standards for the application of Directive 2009/138/EC of the 
European Parliament and the Council with regard to the templates for the submission by insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings to their supervisory authorities of information necessary for their 
supervision and repealing Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2450  
(Text with EEA relevance)  
THE EUROPEAN COMMISSION,  
Having regard to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union,  
Having regard to Directive 2009/138/EC of 25 November 2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the 
taking up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance (Solvency II) (  1 ), and in particular Article 35(10), 
third subparagraph, Article 244(6), third subparagraph, and Article 245(6), second subparagraph, thereof,  
Whereas:  
(1)  Information received through reporting is essential for risk based supervision and policyholder protection. To this 
end, supervisors need to receive meaningful data within reasonable timelines. In order to ensure that the 
reporting requirements stay up to date and reflect emerging risks and evolving practices, it is necessary to 
substantially revise reporting templates provided by Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2450. This requires 
changes to numerous templates, the addition of new templates and the removal of obsolete ones. Given the 
extent of the changes, it is appropriate to repeal Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2450.  
(2)  Cross border business is not intrinsically riskier but it adds another layer of complexity. Effective supervision 
should ensure that all policyholders and beneficiaries receive equal treatment regardless of their nationality or 
place of residence. With a view to facilitating the achievement of this objective the existing cross-border templates 
are replaced by new reporting templates that consolidate the information requirement which captures 
information on premiums, claims and expenses by both location of underwriting and location of risk.  
(3)  It is also necessary to establish a certain minimum legal requirement as regards the extent of the information on 
climate change related risks reported to supervisory authorities. Undertakings should provide an overview on 
their respective share of investments exposed to climate change-related transition and physical risk to supervisory 
authorities.  
(4)  There is a lack of granularity regarding the information for non-life products, which is detrimental for policy ­
holder protection. Therefore, supervisors should have clear information on product level category. To this end, a 
new template on non-life obligation analysis is introduced for reporting by line of business with a few exceptions 
reported by product categories.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1  
( 1 ) OJ L 335, 17.12.2009, p. 1.