 
b) When combination method is being used, this information is to be submitted only for the part of the group 
calculated with method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC, and;  
c) This information does not apply to groups when method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC is 
being used exclusively.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
List of all RFF/MAP 
(overlaps allowed)  
C0010  Legal name of the 
undertaking  Legal name of the undertaking within the scope of group supervision that holds 
the RFF/MAP  
C0020  Identification code of the 
undertaking  Identification code of the undertaking, using the following priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code 
When the undertaking uses the option ‘Specific code’ the following shall be 
considered: 
— For non–EEA undertakings and non–regulated undertakings within the scope 
of group supervision, identification code provided will be provided by the 
group. When allocating an identification code to each non–EEA or non– 
regulated undertaking, it should comply with the following format in a 
consistent manner: 
identification code of the parent undertaking + ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the 
country of the undertaking + 5 digits  
C0030  Type of code of the ID of 
the undertaking  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the undertaking ’ item. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0040  Fund/Portfolio Number  Number, which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the unique 
number assigned to each ring-fenced fund and matching portfolio. This number 
has to be consistent over time and shall be used to identify the ring-fenced funds 
and the matching portfolio number in other templates.  
C0050  Name of ring–fenced 
fund/Matching 
adjustment portfolio  Indicate the name of the ring-fenced fund and matching adjustment portfolio. 
When possible (if linked to a commercial product), the commercial name shall be 
used. If not possible, e.g. if the fund is linked to several commercial products, a 
different name shall be used. 
The name shall be unique and be kept consistent over time.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1137