 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0300  Health similar to non–life  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for health similar to non – 
life.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0310  Life and health similar to 
life, excluding health and 
index–linked and unit– 
linked  Reinsurance recoverable in respect of technical provisions for life and health similar to 
life, excluding health and index–linked and unit–linked. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
life excluding health and index–linked and unit–linked and health similar to life is not 
available, this item shall reflect the sum.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0320  Health similar to life  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for health–similar to life.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0330  Life excluding health and 
index–linked and unit– 
linked  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for life business, excluding 
technical provisions health–similar to life techniques and technical provisions for index– 
linked and unit–linked.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0340  Life index–linked and 
unit–linked  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for life index–linked and 
unit–linked business.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0350  Deposits to cedants  Deposits relating to reinsurance accepted.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0360  Insurance and inter ­
mediaries receivables  Amounts for payment by policyholders, insurers and other linked to insurance business 
that are not included in technical provisions. 
It shall include receivables from reinsurance accepted.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0370  Reinsurance receivables  For the ‘Solvency II value’ column (C0010) this cell shall include all expected payments 
(due and past-due) from reinsurers linked to reinsurance business to the undertaking 
that are not included in reinsurance recoverables. These should not be included in the 
item " any other assets not elsewhere shown ". 
This cell in particular should take into account all expected payments from reinsurers to 
the undertaking corresponding to payments made by the undertaking to the policy ­
holders. 
It also shall include all expected payments (due and past-due) from reinsurers in relation 
to other than insurance events or those that have been agreed between cedent and 
reinsurer and where the amount of the expected payment is certain.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0380  Receivables (trade, not 
insurance)  Includes amounts receivables from employees or various business partners (not 
insurance–related), including public entities.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1145