 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0160/R1030  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Factor before risk mitigation – 
Total Earthquake specified 
Regions before diversification  Ratio between total specified gross loss and total exposure.  
C0170/R0830 – 
R1020  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation — 
specified Region  Capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Earthquakes in each of the 
20 specified Regions.  
C0170/R1030  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Earthquake specified Regions 
before diversification  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Earthquakes 
for the 20 specified regions.  
C0170/R1220  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Earthquake – Other Regions 
before diversification  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for Earthquake risk in regions other 
than the specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0170/R1230  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Earthquake – All Regions 
before diversification  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Earthquakes 
for all regions.  
C0170/R1240  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect between 
regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the Earthquake risks relating 
to the different regions (both specified Regions and Other regions).  
C0170/R1250  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Earthquake after diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for Earthquake risk, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect given in C0170/R1240.  
C0180/R0830 – 
R1020  Estimated Risk Mitigation — 
specified Region  Per each of the 20 specified Regions the estimated risk mitigation effect of the 
undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating 
to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0180/R1030  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Earthquake specified 
Regions before diversification  Total of the estimated Risk Mitigation for the 20 specified regions.  
C0180/R1220  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Earthquake – Other 
Regions before diversification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation 
effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose 
vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.EN  L 120/1000 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023