 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0240  Best Estimate of Claims provi ­
sions, Total recoverable from 
reinsurance/SPV and Finite re 
after the adjustment for 
expected losses due to 
counterparty default – Direct 
and accepted reinsurance 
business  The amount recoverable from reinsurance/SPV and Finite re after the adjustment 
for expected losses due to counterparty default, for each line of business, as 
defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, regarding direct and 
accepted reinsurance business.  
C0180/R0240  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Best Estimate of Claims Provi ­
sions, Recoverable from 
reinsurance/SPV and Finite re 
after the adjustment for 
expected losses due to 
counterparty default.  The total amount of Recoverable from reinsurance/SPV and Finite re after the 
adjustment for expected losses due to counterparty default, referred to the Best 
Estimate for Claims Provisions.  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0250  Net best estimate of Claims 
provisions – Direct and 
accepted reinsurance business  The amount of net best estimate for claims provisions, for each line of business, 
as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, regarding direct and 
accepted reinsurance business.  
C0180/R0250  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Net best estimate of Claims 
Provisions  The total amount of net Best Estimate for Claims Provisions.  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0260  Total best estimate, Gross – 
Direct and accepted 
reinsurance business  The amount of Total gross best estimate, for each line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, regarding direct and accepted 
reinsurance business.  
C0180/R0260  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Total Best Estimate, Gross  The total amount of Gross Best Estimate (sum of the Premium Provision and 
Claims Provisions).  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0270  Total best estimate, Net – 
Direct and accepted 
reinsurance business  The amount of Total net best estimate, for each line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, regarding direct and accepted 
reinsurance business.  
C0180/R0270  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Total Best Estimate, Net  The total amount of Net Best Estimate (sum of the Premium Provision and Claims 
Provisions).  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0280  Technical provisions calculated 
as a sum of a best estimate 
and a risk margin – Risk 
margin  The amount of risk margin, as required by Directive 2009/138/EC (Article 77(3)). 
The risk margin is calculated to whole portfolio of (re)insurance obligations and 
then allocated to each single line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, regarding direct business and accepted reinsurance busi ­
ness.  
C0180/R0280  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Total risk margin  The total amount of risk margin, as required by Directive 2009/138/EC 
(Article 77(3)).EN  L 120/754 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023