 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0690/C0010  Ratio of Total Eligible own 
funds (R0660) to the Total 
group SCR (R0680) – ratio 
including other financial 
sectors and undertakings 
included via D&A method  This is solvency ratio calculated as the Total of eligible own funds to meet the Total 
group SCR divided by the total group SCR, including other financial sectors, and 
undertakings included via Deduction and aggregation method.  
Reconciliation Reserve  
R0700/C0060  Excess of assets over liabil ­
ities  This is the excess of assets over liabilities as reported in the Solvency 2 balance 
sheet.  
R0710/C0060  Own shares (held directly 
and indirectly)  This is the amount of own shares held by the participating insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking, the insurance holding company or the mixed financial holding 
company and the related undertakings, both directly and indirectly.  
R0720/C0060  Foreseeable dividends, 
distributions and charges  These are the dividends, distributions and charges foreseeable from the group.  
R0730/C0060  Other basic own fund items  These are the basic own fund items included in points (a)(i) to (v) of Article 69, 
Article 72(a) and Article 76(a), as well as those basic own fund items approved by 
the supervisory authority in accordance with Article 79 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
R0740/C0060  Adjustment for restricted 
own fund items in respect of 
matching adjustment port ­
folios and ring-fenced funds  This is the total amount of the adjustment to the reconciliation reserve due to the 
existence of restricted own fund items in respect of ring–fenced funds and matching 
portfolios at group level.  
R0750/C0060  Other non-available own 
funds  These are other non-available own funds such as those of related undertakings 
according to Article 335(1)(d) and (f) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0760/C0060  Reconciliation reserve – total  This is the reconciliation reserve of the group.  
R0770/C0060  Expected profits included in 
future premiums (EPIFP) – 
Life business  The reconciliation reserve includes an amount of the excess of assets over liabilities 
that corresponds to the expected profit in future premiums (EPIFP). This cell 
represents that amount for the life business of the group.  
R0780/C0060  Expected profits included in 
future premiums (EPIFP) – 
Non– life business  The reconciliation reserve includes an amount of the excess of assets over liabilities 
that corresponds to the expected profit in future premiums (EPIFP). This cell 
represents that amount for the non–life business of the group.  
R0790/C0060  Total Expected profits 
included in future premiums 
(EPIFP)  This is the total amount calculated as expected profits included in future premiums.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1287