 
— incepted during the reporting period and outstanding at the reporting date.  
— incepted and expired/matured during the reporting period.  
Where two or more transactions between entities of the group which, from an economic perspective, contribute to the 
same risk, or, serve the same purpose/objective or are temporally connected in a plan, they shall be considered as a 
single economic operation.  
As such each transaction which is part of a single economic operation shall be reported whenever collectively they are 
at or above the corresponding threshold for significant intra-group transactions, even though individually the trans ­
actions fall below the threshold.  
Any element added to significant intragroup transactions shall be reported as a separate intragroup transaction, even if 
the element in its own right falls below the significant threshold limit. For example, if an undertaking increases the 
initial loan amount to another related undertaking the addition to the loan shall be recorded as a separate item with its 
issue date as the date of the addition.  
Where the transaction value is different for two transacting parties (e.g. a EUR10m transaction between A and B where 
A records EUR10m but B only receive EUR9,5 m because of transactions costs, of say EUR0,5 m has been expensed) the 
template shall record the maximum amount as the transaction amount, in this case EUR10m.  
Indirect transactions shall be defined as any transaction shifting risk exposures between entities within the group 
including but not limited to transactions with special purpose vehicle, collective investment undertakings, ancillary 
entities or unregulated entities; or entities outside of the group but ultimately risk exposure is brought back or stays 
within the group. Where there is a chain of related intragroup transactions (e.g. A invests in B and B invests in C), this 
transaction shall be reported as an indirect transaction. Therefore A to C transaction shall be reported and the 
comments shall mention the intermediary step. In the case of a waterfall of transactions, e. g. if ‘A’-> ‘B’ -> ‘C’-> ‘D’ 
where both ‘B’ and ‘C’ are both in the group but unregulated entities, this transaction shall also be reported.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  ID of intragroup transaction  Unique internal identification code for each intragroup transaction. It shall be 
consistent over time.  
C0020  Provider name  Name of the entity that is providing the off-balance guarantee.  
C0030  Identification code of the 
provider  The unique identification code attached to the provider by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
Specific code: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings other than insurance and reinsurance under ­
takings within the group: identification code used in the local market, 
attributed by the undertaking ’s competent supervisory authority; 
— For non-EEA undertakings and non-regulated undertakings within the group, 
identification code will be provided by the financial conglomerate. When 
allocating an identification code to each non-EEA or non-regulated under ­
taking, the group shall comply with the following format in a consistent 
manner: identification code of the parent undertaking + ISO 3166-1 alpha- 
2 code of the country of the undertaking + 5 digits  
C0031  Type of code of the provider  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the provider’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific codeEN  L 120/1106 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023