 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0950  Premium Provision – 
discounted (only if 
premium provision 
allocated to premium 
risk)  The discounted sum of future cash flows that comprise the premium provisions net of 
reinsurance recoverables. This cell should be filled in if the premium provision at the 
reporting reference date is allocated to premium risk.  
R0960  Solvency Capital 
Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance groups need to face their 
risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each internal line of 
business, SII LoBs and aggregate level based on net of reinsurance data.  
R0970  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained based on the 
simulation process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R0980  Simulated standard devi ­
ation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained 
based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R0990-R1200  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in the 
table related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation process 
(net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
Overall Non-Life and Health NSLT gross of reinsurance  
Z0020  Risk type  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Non-life and NSLT health premium risk and reserve risk aggregated jointly with 
implicit catastrophe risk 
2 – Non-life and NSLT health premium risk and reserve risk aggregated jointly 
3 – Non-life underwriting premium risk and reserve risk with implicit catastrophe risk 
4 – Non-life underwriting premium risk and reserve risk 
5 – NSLT health underwriting premium risk and reserve risk aggregated separately with 
implicit catastrophe risk 
6 – NSLT health underwriting premium risk and reserve risk aggregated separately  
C0130  Total undiversified  The total amount of non-life and health NSLT underwriting risk before applying diver ­
sification effects among different non-life risks. This amount will include catastrophe 
risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium and reserve risk, otherwise catastrophe 
risk will be reported using separate codes described in the ‘DISTRIBUTION OF LOSSES 
FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG file.EN  L 120/1462 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023