 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0650  Premium Provision – 
discounted (only if 
premium provision 
allocated to premium 
risk)  The discounted sum of future cash flows that comprise the premium provisions, gross 
of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts, special purpose vehicles and 
finite reinsurance regarding direct and accepted business. This cell should be filled in if 
the premium provision at the reporting reference date is allocated to premium risk.  
R0660  Solvency Capital 
Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance groups need to face their 
risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each internal line of 
business, SII LoBs and aggregate level based on gross of reinsurance data.  
R0670  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean loss ratio of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained 
based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R0680  Simulated (output) 
standard deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained 
based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R0690-R0900  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in the 
table related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation process 
(gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
Net Premium risk model data  
R0910  Net Written Premium  Net premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the financial year in 
respect of insurance contracts, arising from direct business, regardless of the fact that 
such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later financial year.  
R0920  Net Earned Premium  It is the sum of net premiums written minus the change in the net provision for 
unearned premiums related to insurance direct business.  
R0930  Net written premium 
planned in the 
12 months post the 
Reference Date  Net premium planned to be written within the 12 months following the reporting 
reference date via binder agreements either signed before or after the reference date.  
R0940  Net written unearned 
premium at the 
Reference Date (only if 
premium provision 
allocated to premium 
risk)  Written unearned premium net of reinsurance. This cell should be filled in if the 
premium provision at the reporting reference date is allocated to premium risk.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1461