 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
NSLT Health premium and reserve risk  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0100  Standard deviation for 
premium risk – USP  This is the undertaking specific standard deviation for premium risk for each line 
of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, and its 
proportional reinsurance as calculated by the undertaking and approved or 
prescribed by the supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no undertaking specific parameter is used.  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0110  USP Standard Deviation 
gross/net  Identify if the USP standard Deviation was applied gross or net. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – USP gross 
2 – USP net  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0120  Standard deviation for 
premium risk – USP – 
Adjustment factor for non – 
proportional reinsurance  This is the undertaking specific adjustment factor for non–proportional 
reinsurance of each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35, which allows undertakings to take into account the risk–mitigating 
effect of particular per risk excess of loss (‘XL’) reinsurance – as calculated by the 
undertaking and approved or prescribed by the supervisory authority. 
Where no undertaking specific parameter is used, this cell shall be left blank.  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0130  Standard deviation for reserve 
risk – USP  This is the undertaking specific standard deviation for reserve risk for each line of 
business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, and its 
proportional reinsurance as calculated by the undertaking and approved or 
prescribed by the supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no undertaking specific parameter is used.  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0140  Volume measure for premium 
and reserve risk – volume 
measure for premium risk: 
Vprem  The volume measure for premium risk for each line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, and its proportional reinsurance.  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0150  Volume measure for premium 
and reserve risk –Volume 
measure reserve risk: Vres  The volume measure for reserve risk for each line of business, as defined in Annex 
I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, and its proportional reinsurance.  
R1000–R1030/ 
C0160  Volume measure for premium 
and reserve risk – 
Geographical Diversification  This represents the geographical diversification to be used for the volume measure 
for premium and reserve risk for each line of business, as defined in Annex I to 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, and its proportional reinsurance. 
If the factor for geographical diversification is not calculated, then this item is set 
to the default value of 1.EN  L 120/926 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023