 
S.22.01 – Impact of long term guarantees measures and transitionals  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is relevant when at least one long term guarantee measure or transitional is used by the undertaking.  
This template shall reflect the impact on the financial positions when no transitional is used and each LTG measures or 
transitional is set to zero. For that purpose, a cumulative step–by–step approach shall be followed taking out each 
transitional and LTG measure one by one and without recalculating the impact of the remaining measures after each 
step.  
The impacts need to be reported positive if they increase the amount of the item being reported and negative if they 
decrease the amount of the item (e.g. if amount of SCR increases or if amount of Own Funds increases then positive 
values shall be reported).  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Technical 
Provisions  Total amount of gross technical provisions including long term guarantee 
measures and transitional measures  
C0020/R0010  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Technical Provisions  Total amount of gross technical provisions without the adjustment due to the 
transitional deduction to technical provisions, but keeping adjustments due to the 
volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0010  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Technical provisions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application 
of the transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the technical provisions without transitional 
deduction to technical provisions and the technical provisions with LTG and 
transitional measures.  
C0040/R0010  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Technical 
Provisions  Total amount of gross technical provisions without the adjustment due to the 
transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, but 
keeping adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment 
(‘MA’). 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is 
not applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0010  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Technical 
provisions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application 
of the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the technical provisions without transitional 
adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the technical 
provisions with LTG and transitional measures.  
C0060/R0010  Without volatility adjustment 
and without other transitional 
measures – Technical Provi ­
sions  Total amount of gross technical provisions without the adjustments due to the 
transitional deduction to technical provisions, the transitional adjustment to the 
relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the volatility adjustment, but 
keeping adjustments due to the matching adjustment, if any. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/785