 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020/R0150  Total value of all currencies – 
Financial liabilities  Report the total value of the financial liabilities for all currencies.  
C0030/R0150  Value of the reporting 
currency – Financial liabilities  Report the value of the financial liabilities for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0150  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Financial liabilities  Report the total value of the financial liabilities for the remaining currencies that 
are not reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0150) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0150).  
C0050/R0150  Value of material currencies – 
Financial liabilities  Report the value of the financial liabilities for each of the currencies required to be 
reported separately.  
C0020/R0160  Total value of all currencies – 
Contingent liabilities  Report the total value of the contingent liabilities for all currencies.  
C0030/R0160  Value of the reporting 
currency – Contingent liabil ­
ities  Report the value of the contingent liabilities for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0160  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Contingent liabil ­
ities  Report the total value of the contingent liabilities for the remaining currencies that 
are not reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0160) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0160).  
C0050/R0160  Value of material currencies – 
Contingent liabilities  Report the value of the contingent liabilities for each of the currencies required to 
be reported separately  
C0020/R0170  Total value of all currencies – 
Any other liabilities  Report the total value of any other liabilities for all currencies.  
C0030/R0170  Value of the reporting 
currency – Any other liabilities  Report the value of any other liabilities for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0170  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Any other liabil ­
ities  Report the total value of any other liabilities for remaining currencies that are not 
reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0170) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0170).EN  L 120/634 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023