 ANNEX II  
Instructions regarding reporting templates for individual undertakings  
This Annex contains additional instructions in relation to the templates included in Annex I of this Regulation. The first 
column of the tables identifies the items to be reported by identifying the columns and rows as showed in the template 
in Annex I.  
Templates which shall be filled in in accordance with the instructions of the different sections of this Annex are referred 
to as ‘this template’ throughout the text of the Annex.  
All references to Articles should refer to Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
25 November 2009 on the taking-up and pursuit of the business of insurance and reinsurance (Solvency II) unless 
otherwise specified.  
S.01.01 – Content of the submission  
General comments:  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities, ring-fenced funds, 
matching portfolios and remaining part.  
When a special justification is needed, the explanation is not to be submitted within the reporting template but shall be 
part of the dialogue between undertakings and national competent authorities.  
When a template is submitted only with zeros or without figures, then S.01.01 should indicate one of the ‘non reported’ 
options.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
portfolio/remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a ring–fenced fund 
(‘RFF’), matching adjustment portfolio (‘MAP’) or to the remaining part. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0020  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0010 = 1, identification number for a ring–fenced fund or matching 
portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be consistent 
over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other templates.  
C0010/R0010  S.01.02 – Basic Information – 
General  This template shall always be reported. The only option possible is: 
1 – Reported  
C0010/R0020  S.01.03 – Basic Information – 
RFF and matching adjustment 
portfolios  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Reported 
2 – Not reported as no RFF or MAP 
0 – Not reported other reason (in this case special justification is needed)  
C0010/R0030  S.02.01 – Balance sheet  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Reported 
6 – Exempted under Article 35(6) to (8) 
0 – Not reported other reason (in this case special justification is needed)EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/597