 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0170  Collateralised securities  Securities whose value and payments are derived from a portfolio of underlying assets. 
Includes Asset Backed Securities (‘ABS’), Mortgage Backed securities (‘MBS’), Commercial 
Mortgage Backed securities (‘CMBS’), Collateralised Debt Obligations (‘CDO’), Collat ­
eralised Loan Obligations (‘CLO’), Collateralised Mortgage Obligations (‘CMO’). 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
bonds, structured products and collateralised securities is not available, this item shall 
not be reported.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0180  Collective Investment 
undertakings  ‘Collective investment undertaking’ means an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities (‘UCITS’) as defined in Article 1(2) of Directive 2009/65/EC of 
the European Parliament and of the Council or an alternative investment fund (AIF) as 
defined in Article 4(1)(a) of Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0190  Derivatives  A financial instrument or other contract with all three of the following characteristics: 
(a) Its value changes in response to the change in a specified interest rate, financial 
instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange (‘FX’) rate, index of prices or 
rates, credit rating or credit index, or other variable, provided in the case of a non– 
financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract 
(sometimes called the ‘underlying’). 
(b) It requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than 
would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to have a 
similar response to changes in market factors. 
(c) It is settled at a future date. 
Solvency II value, only if positive, of the derivative as of the reporting date is reported 
here (in case of negative value, see R0790).  
C0010– 
C0020/R0200  Deposits other than cash 
equivalents  Deposits other than cash equivalents that cannot be used to make payments until 
before a specific maturity date and that are not exchangeable for currency or trans ­
ferable deposits without any kind of significant restriction or penalty.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0210  Other investments  Other investments not covered already within investments reported above.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0220  Assets held for index– 
linked and unit–linked 
contracts  Assets held for index–linked and unit–linked contracts (classified in line of business 31 
as defined in Annex I of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35).  
C0010– 
C0020/R0230  Loans and mortgages  This is the total amount of loans and mortgages, i.e. financial assets created when group 
lend funds, either with or without collateral, including cash pools. 
With regard to ‘Statutory accounts values’ column (C0020) – where the split of the split 
of loans & mortgages is not available, this item shall reflect the sum.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1143