 
Collateral is an asset with a monetary value or a commitment that secure the lender against the defaults of the borrower. 
The value of the collateral should be reported as the economic value of the collateral at per reference date (Solvency II 
value of the assets), not as the risk-adjusted value of a collateral according to Article 197 of the Delegated Regulation.  
Only limited guarantees are to be reported in this template excluding information about any provided or received 
unlimited guarantee.  
This template shall be submitted when any of the following conditions apply:  
a) the amount of any of the following sums is higher than 2 % of Total Assets:  
i. (C0020/R0010) Value of guarantee/collateral/contingent liabilities – Guarantees provided by the undertaking, 
including letters of credit + (C0020/R0300) Value of guarantee/collateral/contingent liabilities – Total collateral 
pledged + (C0010/R0400) Maximum value – Total Contingent liabilities;  
ii. (C0020/R0030) Value of guarantee/collateral/contingent liabilities – Guarantees received by the undertaking, 
including letters of credit + (C0020/R0200) Value of guarantee/collateral/contingent liabilities – Total collateral 
held; or  
b) the undertaking has provided or received unlimited guarantee.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Maximum value – Guarantees 
provided by the undertaking, 
including letters of credit  Sum of all possible cash out–flows related to guarantees if events triggering 
guarantees were all to happen in relation to guarantees provided by the under ­
taking to another party. It includes cash–flows related to letter of credit. 
In case any guarantee is also identified as contingent liability under R0310, the 
maximum amount shall also be included in this row.  
C0010/R0020  Maximum value – Guarantees 
provided by the undertaking, 
including letters of credit, of 
which, guarantees, including 
letters of credit provided to 
other undertakings of the same 
group  Part of C0010/R0010 related to guarantees, including letters of credit, provided to 
other undertakings of the same group.  
C0020/R0010  Value of guarantee/collateral/ 
contingent liabilities – Guar ­
antees provided by the under ­
taking, including letters of 
credit  Solvency II value of the guarantees provided by the undertaking, including letters 
of credit  
C0020/R0020  Value of guarantee/collateral/ 
contingent liabilities – Guar ­
antees provided by the under ­
taking, including letters of 
credit, of which, guarantees, 
including letters of credit 
provided to other undertakings 
of the same group  Part of C0020/R0010 related guarantees, including letters of credit provided to 
other undertakings of the same group.EN  L 120/636 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023