 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060  Asset held in unit linked 
and index linked 
contracts  Identify the assets that are held by unit linked and index linked contracts. One of the options 
in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Unit–linked or index–linked 
2 – Neither unit–linked nor index–linked  
C0070  Dividends  Amount of dividends earned over the reporting period, i.e. dividends received less the right to 
receive a dividend already recognised at the beginning of the reporting period, plus the right 
to receive a dividend recognised at the end of the reporting period. Applicable to dividend 
paying assets such as equity, preferred securities and collective investment undertakings. 
Includes also dividends received from assets that have been sold or matured.  
C0080  Interest  Amount of interest earned, i.e. interest received less accrued interest at the start of the period 
plus accrued interest, at the end of the reporting period. 
Includes interest received when the asset is sold/matured or when the coupon is received. 
Applicable to coupon and interest paying assets such as bonds, loans and deposits.  
C0090  Rent  Amount of rent earned, i.e. rent received less accrued rent at the start of the period plus 
accrued rent, at the end of the reporting period. 
Includes also rents received when the asset is sold or matured. 
Only applicable to properties, regardless of the function.  
C0100  Net gains and losses  Net gains and losses resulting from assets sold or matured during the reporting period. 
The gains and losses are calculated as the difference between selling or maturity value and the 
value according to Article 75 of Directive 2009/138/EC at the end of the prior reporting 
year (or, in case of assets acquired during the reporting period, the acquisition value). 
The net value can be positive, negative or zero. 
This calculation shall be performed without interest accrued.  
C0110  Unrealised gains and 
losses  Unrealised gains and losses resulting from assets not sold nor matured during the reporting 
period. 
The unrealised gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the value according 
to Article 75 of Directive 2009/138/EC at the end of the reporting year end and the value 
according to Article 75 of Directive 2009/138/EC at the end of the prior reporting year (or, 
in case of assets acquired during the reporting period, the acquisition value). 
The net value can be positive, negative or zero. 
This calculation shall be performed without interest accrued.EN  L 120/1226 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023