 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Matching portfolio  Indicate the number which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the 
unique number assigned to each matching portfolio. 
This number shall be consistent over time and shall be used to identify the 
matching portfolio number in other templates.  
C0020/R0010 
to R0450  Projection of future cash–flows 
at the end of the reporting 
period – Longevity, mortality 
and revision obligations cash 
outflows  Future cash out–flows related to the longevity, mortality and revision benefits of 
insurance and reinsurance obligations for each matching portfolio and split by 
year of due payment of the cash flow, counting the periods of 12 months from 
the date of reference of the reporting.  
C0030/R0010 
to R0450  Projection of future cash–flows 
at the end of the reporting 
period – Expenses cash 
outflows  Future cash out–flows related to the expenses of insurance and reinsurance 
obligations for each matching portfolio and split by year of due payment of 
the cash flow, counting the periods of 12 months from the date of reference 
of the reporting.  
C0040/R0010 
to R0450  Projection of future cash–flows 
at the end of the reporting 
period – De–risked Assets 
cash–flows  Cash flows (out–flows and in–flows) of assets linked to each matching portfolio 
and split by year of due payment or receipt of the cash flow. These flows shall be 
appropriately corrected to take into account the probability of default or the 
portion of the long term average of the spread over the risk–free interest rate 
as set out in Article 53 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0050/R0010 
to R0450  Mismatch during reporting 
period – Positive undiscounted 
mismatch (inflows > outflows)  If the frequency is lower than yearly, then report the sum of the positive undis ­
counted mismatches (inflows > outflows) through the year of each row. 
Positive mismatches for some periods shall not be netted off of negative 
mismatches.  
C0060/R0010 
to R0450  Mismatch during reporting 
period – Negative undis ­
counted mismatch (inflows < 
outflows)  If the frequency is lower than yearly, then report the sum of the deficit undis ­
counted mismatches (inflows < outflows) through the year of each row. 
Negative mismatches for some periods shall not be netted off of positive 
mismatches.  
S.22.03 –Information on the matching adjustment calculation  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported by each matching portfolio approved by the supervisory authority.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Matching portfolio  Indicate the number which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the 
unique number assigned to each matching portfolio. 
This number has to be consistent over time and shall be used to identify the 
matching portfolio number in other templates.EN  L 120/802 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023