 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0410/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – spread 
risk – bonds and loans  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on bonds and 
loans, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0410/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – spread risk 
– bonds and loans  This is the absolute value of the liabilities underlying the spread risk charge for 
bonds and loans, after the shock and after the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0410/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
spread risk – bonds and 
loans  This is the net capital charge for spread risk on bonds and loans, after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0012/C0010 = 1 and/or 2, this item represents the net solvency capital 
requirement for spread risk – bonds and loans, calculated using simplifications  
R0410/C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions)– spread risk – 
bonds and loans  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on bonds 
and loans, after the shock but before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0410/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
spread risk – bonds and 
loans  This is the gross capital charge for spread risk on bonds and loans, i.e. before the 
loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0012/C0010 = 1 and/or 2, this item represents gross solvency capital 
requirement for spread risk – bonds and loans calculated using simplifications.  
R0412/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Spread risk – bonds and 
loans (other than qual ­
ifying infrastructure 
investment)  This is the initial absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on bonds 
and loans other than qualifying infrastructure investment and infrastructure 
corporate. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0412/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Spread risk – bonds 
and loans (other than 
qualifying infrastructure 
investment)  This is the initial absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on 
bonds and loans other than qualifying infrastructure investment and infrastructure 
corporate. This value shall be reported only where the split between R0412, 
R0413 and R0414 could be derived from the method used for the calculation. 
When the split is not possible only R0410 shall be filled in. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.EN  L 120/1354 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023