 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0120  Best Estimate of Premium 
provisions, Recoverables from 
SPV before adjustment for 
expected losses – Direct and 
accepted reinsurance business.  The amount of Recoverables from SPV before adjustment for expected losses, 
referred to the best estimate for premium provisions, for each line of business, 
as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, regarding direct and 
accepted reinsurance business.  
C0180/R0120  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Best Estimate of Premium 
provisions, Recoverables from 
SPV before adjustment for 
expected losses  The total amount of Recoverables from SPV before adjustment for expected losses, 
referred to the best estimate for premium provisions.  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0130  Best Estimate of Premium 
provisions, Recoverables from 
Finite Reinsurance before 
adjustment for expected losses 
– Direct and accepted 
reinsurance business  The amount of Recoverables from Finite Reinsurance before adjustment for 
expected losses, referred to the best estimate for premium provisions, for each 
line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
regarding direct and accepted reinsurance business.  
C0180/R0130  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Best Estimate of Premium 
provisions, Recoverables from 
Finite Reinsurance before 
adjustment for expected losses.  The total amount of Recoverables from Finite Reinsurance before adjustment for 
expected losses, referred to the best estimate for premium provisions.  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0140  Best Estimate of Premium 
provisions, Total recoverable 
from reinsurance/SPV and 
Finite reinsurance after the 
adjustment for expected losses 
due to counterparty default – 
Direct and accepted 
reinsurance business  The amount of recoverable from reinsurance/SPV and Finite reinsurance after the 
adjustment for expected losses due to counterparty default, for each line of 
business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
regarding direct business and accepted reinsurance business.  
C0180/R0140  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Best Estimate of Premium 
provisions, Recoverable from 
reinsurance/SPV and Finite 
reinsurance after the 
adjustment for expected losses 
due to counterparty default.  The total amount of Recoverable from reinsurance/SPV and Finite reinsurance 
after the adjustment for expected losses due to counterparty default, referred to 
the best estimate for premium provisions.  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0150  Net best estimate of Premium 
provisions – Direct and 
accepted reinsurance business  The amount of net best estimate for premium provisions, for each line of 
business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0180/R0150  Total Non–Life obligations, 
Net best estimate of Premium 
provisions  The total amount of net best estimate for premium provisions.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/751