 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1. Internal fraud 
2. External fraud 
3. Employment practices and workspace safety 
4. Damage to physical assets 
5. Business disruption and system failures 
6. Clients, products and business practices 
7. Execution, delivery and process management  
C0060  Basel L2 classification mapping  For completion by undertakings which answer ‘Yes’ in C0010/R0020 or the 
mapping to Basel L2 exists. Field should be empty if the scenario is higher 
than level 2 in the classification. 
The occurrence ‘Other’ can be used in case the risk could be classified in a Level 1 
Basel category but there is not a Level 2 one. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1. Internal fraud – Unauthorized activity 
2. Internal fraud – Theft and fraud 
3. Internal fraud – Other 
4. External fraud – Theft and fraud 
5. External fraud – Systems security 
6. External fraud – Other 
7. Employment practices and workspace safety – Employee relations 
8. Employment practices and workspace safety – Safe environment 
9. Employment practices and workspace safety – Diversity and discrimination 
10. Employment practices and workspace safety – Other 
11. Damage to physical assets – Disasters and other events 
12. Damage to physical assets – Other 
13. Business disruption and system failures – Systems 
14. Business disruption and system failures – Other 
15. Clients, products and business practices – Suitability, disclosure and fiduciary 
16. Clients, products and business practices – Improper business or market 
practices 
17. Clients, products and business practices – Product flaws 
18. Clients, products and business practices – Selection, sponsorship and 
exposure 
19. Clients, products and business practices – Advisory activitiesEN  L 120/984 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023