 
— Income Tax of the reporting period  
— Dividend distribution  
— Other variations not explained elsewhere.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010 – 
R0120  Basic Own fund items – 
Year N  These items do not cover all Basic Own fund items, but only those before adjust ­
ments/deductions for: 
— Own funds from the financial statements that shall not be represented by the 
reconciliation reserve and do not meet the criteria to be classified as Solvency 
II own funds; 
— Participations in financial and credit institutions.  
C0020/ 
R0010 – 
R0120  Basic Own fund items – Year 
N–1  These items do not cover all Basic Own fund items, but only those before adjust ­
ments/deductions for: 
— Own funds from the financial statements that shall not be represented by the 
reconciliation reserve and do not meet the criteria to be classified as Solvency 
II own funds; 
— Participations in financial and credit institutions  
C0030/R0010 – 
R0120  Basic Own fund items – Vari ­
ation  Variation between reporting period N and N–1 of own fund items.  
C0030/R0130  Excess of assets over liabilities 
(Variations of Basic Own 
Funds explained by Variation 
Analysis Templates)  Variation of excess of assets over liabilities. This item is further assessed in rows 
R0190 to R0250 and then in templates S.29.02 to S.29.04. 
Excess of assets over liabilities shall be considered before deductions of Partici ­
pations in financial and credit institutions.  
C0030/R0140  Own shares  Variation of own shares included as assets on the balance sheet.  
C0030/R0150  Foreseeable dividends, 
distributions and charges  Variation of foreseeable dividends, distributions and charges.  
C0030/R0160  Other basic own fund items  Variation of other basic own fund items.  
C0030/R0170  Restricted own fund items due 
to ring fencing and matching  Variation of restricted own fund items due to ring fencing and matching.  
C0030/R0180  Total variation of Recon ­
ciliation Reserve  Total variation of Reconciliation Reserve.  
C0030/R0190  Variations due to investments 
and financial liabilities  Variations in the Excess of assets over liabilities explained by variations in 
investments and financial liabilities (for instance variations in value in the 
period, financial revenues, etc.). This amount shall not include amount of Own 
Shares.  
C0030/R0200  Variations due to net technical 
provisions  Variations in the Excess of assets over liabilities explained by variations in 
technical provisions (for instance provision reversals or new earned premiums, 
etc.).  
C0030/R0210  Variations in capital basic own 
fund items and other items 
approved  This amount explains the part of the variation of Excess of Assets over Liabilities 
due to movements in ‘pure’ capital items, such as Ordinary share capital (gross of 
own shares), Preference shares, Surplus funds.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1047