 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070  Notional MCR or 
Sectoral minimum 
capital requirement  Minimum capital requirement, either sectoral or notional, that triggers final intervention, 
assuming a so–called intervention ladder where available. 
This item is not requested for entities for which a final trigger level is not set.  
C0080  Notional or Sectoral 
Eligible Own Funds  Total own funds to cover the (notional or sectoral) capital requirement. No restrictions on 
availability for the group apply.  
C0085  Contribution of solo 
(notional) SCR to group 
SCR  Contribution of the solo notional SCR to the group SCR with regard to insurance holding 
companies and mixed financial holding companies 
Contribution of solo SCR to group SCR 
If the method 1 is applied, the contribution of a subsidiary undertaking to the group shall be 
calculated according the formula: 
Contrj = SCRj × SCRdiversified/ Σi SCRisolo 
Where: 
— SCRj is the SCR at individual entity level of the undertaking j; 
— SCRdiversified = SCR calculated in accordance to Article 336(a) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35; 
— SCRisolo is the SCR at individual entity level of the participating undertaking and each 
related insurance or 
reinsurance undertaking and third-country insurance and reinsurance undertaking included in 
the calculation of the SCRdiversified; 
— the ratio is the proportional adjustment due to the recognition of diversification effects at 
group level. 
For related undertakings which are not subsidiaries (art 335 1.d of the DR) included via 
method 1, the contribution of the related undertaking to the group SCR is the proportional 
share of the individual SCR. 
For method 2, the contribution of the related undertaking to the group SCR is the propor ­
tional share of the individual SCR.  
S.35.01 – Contribution to group Technical Provisions  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
The information to be reported between C0050 to C0210 shall be after the volatility adjustment, the matching 
adjustment and interest rate transitional is applied. The transitional deduction to technical provisions is reported 
separately in C0220 and C0230.  
This template is relevant under method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC, method 2 as defined in 
Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC and a combination of methods.  
Related insurance and reinsurance undertakings which are not subsidiaries are excluded from the scope of this template 
since they are assessed through the adjusted equity method.EN  L 120/1546 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023