 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking. This option shall also be used for the 
cases of ‘Multiple assets/liabilities ’ and indexes  
NC0210  Counterparty name for which 
credit protection is purchased  Name of the counterparty for which protection has been purchased for its default.  
NC0220  Swap delivered interest rate 
(for buyer)  Interest rate delivered under the swap contract (only for Interest rate swaps).  
NC0230  Swap received interest rate (for 
buyer)  Interest rate received under the swap contract (only for Interest rate swaps).  
NC0240  Swap delivered currency (for 
buyer)  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the swap price (only for 
currency swaps).  
C0250  Swap received currency (for 
buyer)  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the swap notional 
amount (only for currency swaps).  
C0260  Revenues stemming from 
derivatives  Net revenues stemming from the investment or the purchase of derivatives. 
Following the IFRS based P&L, both realized and unrealized results are expected 
here. The amounts should be filed with their clean value (in comparison to QRT 
S. 09.01. SII). Interests will be reported in S. 36.05 IGT P&L.  
C0270  Comments  Comments shall contain: 
— a notification if the transaction has not been performed at arm’s length 
— any other relevant information regarding the economic nature of the oper ­
ation  
S.36.03 – IGT – Off-balance sheet and contingent liabilities  
General comments:  
This template relates to information insurance and reinsurance undertakings shall provide at least annually.  
This template shall report all (significant, very significant and transactions required to be reported in all circumstances) 
intragroup transactions between entities in scope of group supervision related to off-balance sheet guarantees.  
These include, but not limited to:  
— Off- balance sheet guarantees;  
— undrawn credit facilities  
— assets purchased under outright forward purchase agreements (currency or other)  
— asset sale and repurchase agreements as referred to in Article 12(3) and (5) of Directive 86/635/EEC  
— Contingent liabilities  
This template shall include intragroup transactions that were:  
— in-force at the start of the reporting period.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1105