 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040  Country of issue  Breakdown of each asset category identified in C0030 by issuer country. Identify the country 
of localisation of the issuer. 
The localisation of the issuer is assessed by the address of the entity issuing the asset. 
One of the options shall be used: 
— ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code 
— XA: Supranational issuers 
— EU: European Union Institutions 
— AA: aggregated countries due to application of threshold 
This item is not applicable to Categories 7, 8 and 9 as reported in C0030.  
C0050  Currency  Identify whether the currency of the asset category is the reporting currency or a foreign 
currency. All other currencies than the reporting currency are referred to as foreign 
currencies. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Reporting currency 
2 – Foreign currency 
3 – Aggregated currencies due to application of threshold  
C0060  Total amount  Total amount invested by asset category, country and currency through collective investment 
undertakings. 
For liabilities a positive amount shall be reported, unless the item is a derivative liability. 
For derivatives the Total amount can be positive (if an asset) or negative (if a liability).  
S.07.01 – Structured products  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to CIC codes refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
Structured products are defined as assets falling into the asset categories 5 (Structured notes) and 6 (Collateralised 
securities).  
This template shall only be reported when the amount of structured products, measured as the ratio between assets 
classified as asset categories 5 (Structured notes) and 6 (Collateralised securities) as defined in Annex IV – Asset 
Categories of this Regulation and the sum of item C0010/R0070 and C0010/R0220 of template S.02.01, is higher 
than 5 % when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used exclusively. When method 1 is 
used in combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC or method 2 is used exclusively 
the ratio needs to be adjusted in order to capture the items of all entities included in the scope of template S.06.02.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1203