 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0100  Counterparty asset category  Identify the most significant asset category borrowed/received as part of a 
securities lending transactions or repurchase agreements. 
Use the asset categories defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regu ­
lation.  
C0110  Asset held in unit–linked and 
index–linked contracts  Identify if the underlying asset identified in C0060 is held by unit linked and 
index linked contracts. One of the options in the following closed list shall be 
used: 
1 – Unit–linked or index–linked 
2 – Neither unit–linked nor index–linked  
C0120  Position in the contract  Identify whether the undertaking is a buyer or seller in the repo or a lender or 
borrower in the securities lending. One of the options in the following closed list 
shall be used: 
1 – Buyer in a repo 
2 – Seller in a repo 
3 – Lender in a securities lending 
4 – Borrower in a securities lending  
C0130  Near leg amount  Represents the following amounts: 
— Buyer in a repo: amount received at the contract inception 
— Seller in a repo: amount ceded at the contract inception 
— Lender in a securities lending: amount received as guarantee at the contract 
inception 
— Borrower in a securities lending: amount or market value of the securities 
received at the contract inception  
C0140  Far leg amount  This item is only applicable for repos and represents the following amounts: 
— Buyer in a repo: amount ceded at the contract maturity 
— Seller in a repo: amount received at the contract maturity  
C0150  Start date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the contract start date. The contract 
start date refers to the date when obligations under the contract come into effect.  
C0160  Maturity date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the contract closing date. Even if 
the contract is on an open call basis, there is usually a date when the contract 
expires. In these cases this date must be reported if no call occurs before. 
An agreement is considered closed when it has matured, a call occurs or the 
agreement is cancelled. 
For contracts with no defined maturity date report ‘9999–12–31’.  
C0170  Solvency II Value  This item is only applicable for contracts that are still open at the reporting date. 
Value of the repo or securities lending contract, following Article 75 of Directive 
2009/138/EC rules for valuation of contracts. 
This value can be positive, negative or zero.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/699