 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070  Diversified reserve risk 
excluding explicit Catas ­
trophe Risk  Aggregate reserve risk gross/net of reinsurance after applying diversification effects 
among different risks. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the reserve risk, otherwise 
catastrophe risk will be reported using separate fields described in the ‘Distribution of 
losses from catastrophe perils’ section of this LOG file.  
C0080  SII Line of Business  Reserve risk gross/net of reinsurance for each Solvency II LoB. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the reserve risk, otherwise 
catastrophe risk will be reported using separate fields described in the ‘Distribution of 
losses from catastrophe perils’ section of this LOG file.  
C0090  Internal Line of Business  Reserve risk gross/net of reinsurance for each internal LoB. 
It will include catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the reserve risk, otherwise 
catastrophe risk will be reported using separate fields described in the ‘Distribution of 
losses from catastrophe perils’ section of this LOG file.  
R0070  Provision for claims 
outstanding – discounted  The best estimate of claims (gross of reinsurance) that have not been settled. It includes 
all claims not yet settled, reported and not reported. Based on Article 77 Solvency II 
Directive, the best estimate corresponds to the probability-weighted average of future 
cash-flows, taking account of the time value of money (expected present value of future 
cash-flows), using the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure.  
R0080  Premium Provision – 
discounted (only if 
premium provision 
allocated to reserve risk)  The discounted sum of future cash flows that comprise the premium provisions, gross 
of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts, special purpose vehicles and 
finite reinsurance regarding direct and accepted business. This cell should be filled in if 
the premium provision at the reporting reference date is allocated to reserve risk.  
R0090  Solvency Capital 
Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance groups need to face their 
risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each internal line of 
business, SII LoB and aggregate level based on gross of reinsurance data. 
This cell represents the stand-alone risk of the respective granularity with the approved 
risk measure of the Internal Model.  
R0100  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the profit and loss distribution forecast according to the approved 
model setup, i.e. as relevant for the calculation of the official SCR. It is the output 
obtained based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on an undiscounted 
basis)EN  L 120/1458 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023