 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
— Mean of Annual loss for all business gross of reinsurance 
— Mean of OEP for all business net of reinsurance 
— Mean of AEP for all business net of reinsurance 
— Mean of Annual loss for all business net of reinsurance 
‘Annual loss’ is explicitly not ‘Average Annual Loss’ (AAL), but the loss 
determined according to the statistical measure, i.e. mean, standard deviation or 
percentile. AAL corresponds to the mean annual loss.”  
C0230-C0400/ 
R1720  Simulated standard deviation 
for Total (property and non- 
property) business  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution corresponding to 
each peril and aggregation of perils. It is the output obtained based on the 
simulation process. The standard deviation should be reported with the same 
split as the Simulated mean.  
C0230- 
C0400/R1730- 
R1810  Simulated percentiles for Total 
(property and non-property) 
business  Probability distribution percentiles obtained based on the simulation process for 
each peril and aggregation of perils. Reported percentiles are 0.75, 0.9, 0.96, 0.98, 
0.99, 0.995, 0.996, 0.998 and 0.999. The information for each separate 
percentile shall be reported with the same split as the Simulated mean.  
Premium and sums insured data  
C0410/R1820- 
R1950  Gross Annual Premium – 
Direct insurance  Split of gross annual premium written for direct business by geographical region. 
Geographical regions to be used are Europe, Africa, North East US, South East US, 
Mid-West US, Western US, Northern America (excluding US), Caribbean & Central 
America, South America, Australia, Japan, Asia (excluding Japan) and Rest of 
World. Any unallocated premium should be put in the Unallocated bucket. 
The definition of these geographical areas can be found in Annex III of the 
COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2015/35. When one of the 
above geographical regions is a superset of the defined regions in the delegated 
regulation then all countries in the subsets should be considered for this region. 
The only exception here is Japan which is singled out from the rest of Asia.  
C0420/R1820- 
R1950  Total Sum Insured – Direct 
insurance  Split of total sum insured for direct business by geographical region. Geographical 
regions to be used are Europe, Africa, North East US, South East US, Mid-West 
US, Western US, Northern America (excluding US), Caribbean & Central America, 
South America, Australia, Japan, Asia (excluding Japan) and Rest of World. Any 
unallocated premium should be put in the Unallocated bucket. 
The definition of these geographical areas can be found in Annex III of the 
COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2015/35. When one of the 
above geographical regions is a superset of the defined regions in the delegated 
regulation then all countries in the subsets should be considered for this region. 
The only exception here is Japan which is singled out from the rest of Asia.EN  L 120/976 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023