 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C1200 to 
C1350/R0500 
to R0650  Net Claims Paid (non–cumu ­
lative) – Triangle  Triangles for each of the accident/underwriting years from N–14 (and prior) and 
all previous reporting periods to – including – N (last reporting year) of claims 
paid net of salvage/subrogation and reinsurance. 
The amount includes all the elements that compose the claim itself but excludes 
any expenses.  
C1360/R0500 
to R0660  Net Claims Paid (non–cumu ­
lative) – In current year  Total ‘Current year’ reflects the last diagonal (all data referred to last reporting 
year), from R0500 to R0650. 
R0660 is the total of R0500 to R0650  
C1370/R0500 
to R0660  Net Claims Paid – Sum of year 
(cumulative)  Total ‘Sum of years’ contains the sum of all data in rows (sum of all payments 
referred to the accident/underwriting year), including total.  
C1400 to 
C1550/R0500 
to R0650  Net Undiscounted Best 
Estimate Claims Provisions – 
Triangle  Triangles for each of the accident/underwriting years from N–14 (and prior) and 
all previous reporting periods to – including – N (last reporting year) of Best 
Estimate of Claims Provisions, net of reinsurance, net of salvage and subrogation 
and excluding any expenses, as well as any future premiums.  
C1560/R0500 
to R0660  Net Undiscounted Best 
Estimate Claims Provisions – 
Year end (discounted data)  Total ‘Year end’ reflects the last diagonal but on a discounted basis (all data 
referred to last reporting year) from R0500 to R0650. 
R0660 is the total of R0500 to R0650  
C1600 to 
C1750/R0500 
to R0650  Net RBNS Claims – Triangle  Triangles for each of the accident/underwriting years from N–14 (and prior) and 
all previous reporting periods to – including – N (last reporting year) of Claims 
Outstanding net of salvage/subrogation and reinsurance. 
The amount includes all the elements that compose the claim itself but excludes 
any expenses.  
C1760/R0500 
to R0660  Net RBNS Claims – Year end 
(discounted data)  Total ‘Year end’ reflects the last diagonal but on a discounted basis (all data 
referred to last reporting year) from R0500 to R0650. 
R0660 is the total of R0500 to R0650.  
Inflation rates (only in the case of using methods that take into account inflation to adjust data)  
C1800 to 
C1940/R0700  Historic inflation rate – total  In the case of use of run–off techniques that explicitly take into account inflation 
in order to adjust data report by year, and for the 15 years, historic inflation rate 
used to adjust historical paid losses triangles.  
C1800 to 
C1940/R0710  Historic inflation rate – 
external inflation  In the case of use of run–off techniques that explicitly take into account inflation 
in order to adjust data report, by year, and for the 15 years, historic external 
inflation: which is the ‘economic’ or ‘general’ inflation, i.e. the increase of the price 
of goods and services in a specific economy (e.g. Consumer Price Index, Producer 
Price Index, etc.  
C1800 to 
C1940/R0720  Historic inflation rate – endo ­
genous inflation  In the case of use of run–off techniques that explicitly take into account inflation 
in order to adjust data report, by year, and for the 15 years, historic endogenous 
inflation: which is an increase of claim costs specific of the line of business, as 
defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, under consideration.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/769