EN  L 120/1592 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023
 First 2 positions – Assets listed in  Definition  
Third and fourth position – Category  Definition  
68  Mortality risk  Collateralised securities mainly exposed to mortality risk  
69  Other  Other collateralised securities, not classified under the above categories  
7 Cash and deposits  Money in the physical form, cash equivalent, bank deposits and other money deposits  
71  Cash  Notes and coins in circulation that are commonly used to make payments.  
72  Transferable deposits (cash 
equivalents)  Deposits exchangeable for currency on demand at par and which are directly usable for making payments by cheque, 
draft, giro order, direct debit/credit, or other direct payment facility, without penalty or restriction.  
73  Other deposits short term (less 
than or equal to one year)  Deposits other than transferable deposits, with remaining maturity inferior or equal to 1 year, that cannot be used to 
make payments at any time and that are not exchangeable for currency or transferable deposits without any kind of 
significant restriction or penalty.  
74  Other deposits with term longer 
than one year  Deposits other than transferable deposits, with remaining maturity superior to 1 year, that cannot be used to make 
payments at any time and that are not exchangeable for currency or transferable deposits without any kind of significant 
restriction or penalty.  
75  Deposits to cedants  Deposits relating to reinsurance accepted  
79  Other  Other cash and deposits, not classified under the above categories.  
8 Mortgages and loans  Financial assets created when creditors lend funds to debtors, with collateral or not, including cash pools.  
81  Uncollateralized loans made  Loans made without collateral.  
82  Loans made collateralized with 
securities  Loans made with collateral in the form of financial securities  
84  Mortgages and loans  Mortgages and loans made with collateral in the form of real estate.  
85  Other collateralized loans made  Loans made with collateral in any other form.  
86  Loans on policies  Loans made with insurance policies as collateral.