 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0110/R0600  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Windstorm 
specified Regions before diver ­
sification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for the 23 specified regions.  
C0110/R0790  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Windstorm 
Other Regions before diver ­
sifications  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement 
premiums, as a result of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and 
special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0110/R0800  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Windstorm 
all Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for all regions.  
C0120/R0400 – 
R0590  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation —specified 
Region  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the under ­
taking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this 
peril, arising from Windstorms in each of the specified regions, corresponding to 
the selected scenario.  
C0120/R0600  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Windstorm specified Regions 
before diversification  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for 
the 23 specified regions.  
C0120/R0790  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Windstorm Other Regions 
before diversifications  Capital requirement after risk mitigation for Windstorm risk in regions other than 
the specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, including the 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0120/R0800  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Windstorm all Regions before 
diversification  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for all 
regions.  
C0120/R0810  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Diversifi ­
cation effect between regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the capital requirement after 
risk mitigations for Windstorm risks relating to the different regions (both 
specified Regions and ‘other regions’).  
C0120/R0820  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Windstorm after diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation for Windstorm risk, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect given in item C0120/R0810.EN  L 120/998 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023