 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0070  Investments (other than 
assets held for index– 
linked and unit–linked 
contracts)  This is the total amount of investments, excluding assets held for index–linked and 
unit–linked contracts.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0080  Property (other than for 
own use)  Amount of the property, other than for own use. It also includes property under 
construction other than for own use.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0090  Holdings in related 
undertakings, including 
participations  Participations as defined in Article 13(20) and holdings in related undertakings in 
Article 212(1)(b) of Directive 2009/138/EC. 
When part of the assets regarding participation and related undertakings refer to unit 
and index linked contracts, these parts shall be reported in ‘Assets held for index–linked 
and unit–linked contracts’ in C0010–C0020/R0220. 
Holdings in related undertakings, including participations at group level will include: 
— holdings in related but not subsidiary insurance or reinsurance undertakings, 
insurance holding companies or mixed financial holding companies as described 
in Article 335, paragraph 1, (d) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
— holdings in related undertakings in other financial sectors as described in 
Article 335, paragraph 1, (e) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
— other related undertakings as described in Article 335, paragraph 1, (f) of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
— insurance or reinsurance undertakings, insurance holding companies or mixed 
financial holding companies included with the deduction and aggregation method 
(when combination of methods is used)  
C0010– 
C0020/R0100  Equities  This is the total amount of equities, listed and unlisted. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
listed and unlisted is not available, this item shall reflect the sum.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0110  Equities – listed  Shares representing corporations’ capital, e.g. representing ownership in a corporation, 
negotiated on a regulated market or on a multilateral trading facility, as defined by 
Directive 2004/39/EC. 
It shall exclude holdings in related undertakings, including participations. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split between 
listed and unlisted is not available, this item shall not be reported.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1141