 
S.11.01 – Assets held as collateral  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported annually only when the ratio of the value of assets held as collateral to total balance 
sheet exceeds 10 %.  
The pool of assets that secure the investment (e.g. the pool of asset that are a collateral for covered bonds) shall not be 
reported in this template. The collateral covering reinsurance receivables shall be reported in S.11.01 template.  
This template contains an item–by–item list of off–balance sheet assets held as collateral for covering balance sheet 
assets held directly by the undertaking (i.e. not on a look–through basis) at the end of the reporting period. Collaterals 
are considered ‘held’ when the undertaking has the ‘right of direct access to the collateral’, so the collateral has been 
committed to the entity and it is individually identifiable.  
It consists of detailed information from the perspective of the assets held as collateral and not from the perspective of 
the collateral arrangement.  
If there is a pool of collaterals or a collateral arrangement comprising multiple assets, as many rows as the assets in the 
pool or arrangement shall be reported.  
This template comprises two tables: Information on positions held and Information on assets.  
On the table Information on positions held, each asset held as collateral shall be reported separately in as many rows as 
needed in order to properly fill in all variables requested in that table. If for the same asset two values can be attributed 
to one variable, then this asset needs to be reported in more than one line. Real estate held as collateral of the 
mortgages related to individuals shall be reported in one single line.  
On the table Information on assets, each asset held as collateral shall be reported separately, with one row for each 
asset, filling in all variables requested in that table.  
All items except items ‘Type of asset for which the collateral is held’ (C0140), ‘Name of the counterparty pledging the 
collateral’ (C0060) and ‘Name of the group of the counterparty pledging the collateral’ (C0070) relate to information on 
the assets held as collateral. Item C0140 relates to the asset on the balance sheet for which the collateral is held while 
items C0060 and C0070 relate to the counterparty pledging the collateral.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to CIC codes refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
Template S.11.01 includes the off-balance sheet assets held as collateral for covering balance sheet assets held directly by 
the undertaking and these amounts shall also be reported in S.03.01 in C0020/R0100 to R0130.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Information on positions held  
C0040  Asset ID Code  Asset ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available, 
and must be consistent over time 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies, it is necessary to specify the Asset ID code and the 
ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, as in the following example: ‘code 
+ EUR’EN  L 120/700 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023