 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Non–life insurance and reinsurance obligations  
C0010 to 
C0120/R0110  Premiums written – 
Gross – Direct Business  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the reporting period in 
respect of insurance contracts, arising from direct business, regardless of the fact that 
such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later reporting period. Amount of 
taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums.  
C0010 to 
C0120/R0120  Premiums written – 
Gross – Proportional 
reinsurance accepted  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the reporting period in 
respect of insurance contracts, arising from proportional reinsurance accepted business, 
regardless of the fact that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later 
reporting period. Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded 
from the written premiums.  
C0130 to 
C0160/R0130  Premiums written – 
Gross – Non propor ­
tional reinsurance 
accepted  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the reporting period in 
respect of insurance contracts, arising from non–proportional reinsurance accepted 
business, regardless of the fact that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to 
a later reporting period. Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be 
excluded from the written premiums.  
C0010 to 
C0160/R0140  Premiums written – 
Reinsurers’ share  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts ceded to reinsurers during the 
reporting period in respect of insurance contracts regardless of the fact that such 
amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later reporting period. Amount of taxes 
or charges levied with premiums should be excluded from the written premiums.  
C0010 to 
C0160/R0200  Premiums written – net  The net premiums written represent the sum of the direct business and the accepted 
reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings.  
C0010 to 
C0120/R0210  Premiums earned – Gross 
– Direct business  The sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision for 
unearned premiums related to direct insurance business. Amount of taxes or charges 
levied with premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums earned.  
C0010 to 
C0120/R0220  Premiums earned – Gross 
– Proportional 
reinsurance accepted  The sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision for 
unearned premiums related to proportional reinsurance accepted business. Amount 
of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the premiums earned.EN  L 120/1164 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023