 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
NC0150  Maturity date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the contractually defined date of close of the 
derivative contract, whether at maturity date, expiring date for options (European or 
American), etc.  
NC0160  Currency of transaction  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency in which the transaction took place.  
NC0170  Notional amount  The amount covered or exposed to the derivative at the reporting date, i.e. the closing 
balance, reported in the reporting currency of the group. 
For futures and options, corresponds to contract size multiplied by the number of contracts. 
For swaps and forwards, corresponds to the contract amount. Where a transaction has 
matured/expired during the reporting period before the reporting date, the notional 
amount at the reporting date shall be zero.  
NC0180  Carrying amount  Value of the derivative at the reporting date as reported in the balance sheet of the entity. 
Where a transaction has matured/expired during the reporting period before the reporting 
date, the carrying amount at the reporting date shall be the maximum carrying amount of 
the derivatives before the maturity of the transaction  
NC0190  Value of collateral  Value of the collateral pledged on reporting date (zero if derivative has been closed) if 
applicable, reported in the reporting currency of the financial conglomerate.  
NC0200  Identification code Asset/ 
Liability underlying the 
derivative  ID Code of the asset or liability underlying the derivative contract. This item is to be provided 
for derivatives that have a single underlying instrument or index in the undertaking’s port ­
folio. 
An index is considered a single instrument and shall be reported. 
Identification code of the instrument underlying the derivative using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available, and shall 
be consistent over time 
— ‘Multiple assets/liabilities ’, if the underlying assets or liabilities are more than one 
If the underlying is an index, then the code of the index shall be reported.EN  L 120/1560 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023