 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0520/C0080  Ancillary own fund items for 
which a method was approved 
– tier 2 current amounts  This is the current amount for ancillary own funds for which a method was 
approved under Tier 2.  
R0520/C0100  Ancillary own fund items for 
which a method was approved 
– tier 3 current amounts  This is the current amount for ancillary own funds for which a method was 
approved under Tier 3.  
R0600/C0110  Excess of assets over liabilities 
– attribution of valuation 
differences –Difference in the 
valuation of assets  This is the difference in the valuation of assets.  
R0610/C0110  Excess of assets over liabilities 
– attribution of valuation 
differences – Difference in the 
valuation of technical provi ­
sions  This is the difference in the valuation of technical provisions.  
R0620/C0110  Excess of assets over liabilities 
– attribution of valuation 
differences –Difference in the 
valuation of other liabilities  This is the difference in the valuation of other liabilities.  
R0630/C0110  Total of reserves and retained 
earnings from financial state ­
ments  This is total reserves and retained earnings taken from the financial statements.  
R0640/C0110  Other, please explain why you 
need to use this line.  This is the amount of any other items not already identified. When reporting a 
value in R0640/C0110, the value in R0640/C0120 shall provide an explanation 
and details of such items.  
R0640/C0120  Other, please explain why you 
need to use this line  This is the explanation of other items reported in R0640/C0110.  
R0650/C0110  Reserves from financial 
statements adjusted for 
Solvency II valuation differ ­
ences  This is the total of reserves from the financial statements after adjustment for 
valuation differences. 
This item shall include values from financial statement such as retained earnings, 
reserve capital, net profit, profits from previous years, revaluation capital (fund), 
other reserve capital.EN  L 120/1298 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023