 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0220/R0050  Total undiversified Level 1  Sum of stand-alone capital requirements contributions for Level 1 operational 
risks classification (if applicable, net of risk mitigating contracts). 
Any lower aggregation level should be already considered.  
C0220/R0060  Operational risk – diversifi ­
cation between Level 1 items  Difference of C0220/R0050 and C0220/R0070. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value.  
C0220/R0070  Operational risk – diversified  Diversified operational risk capital requirement net of risk mitigating contracts.  
S.26.16 – Internal model – Model Changes  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
The purpose of this template is to collect information on the characteristics of the changes to the model according to 
the approved model change policy and on how the SCR has moved in an annual reporting period due to these changes, 
that were implemented in that period. This period may be different from the one determined by the model change 
policy on the accumulation of minor changes, for instance.  
Minor changes to the model should not be double counted within or across reporting periods. Therefore, if a major 
change includes minor changes or is the accumulation of minor changes, then either:  
— remove the impact of these minor changes in the major change if the minor changes were implemented in a 
previous reporting period; or  
— include them in the ‘total minor changes’ and remove their effect from the major change due to accumulation of 
minor change impact.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Type of Change  
C0010  Major  The information in this row should refer to a major change (in a given reporting 
period). While several major changes may be batched together for a single  
approval , they should be separated where there are distinct major changes. 
Naming convention: Major change 1_Component 1.  
Change ID  
C0020  Change ID  This change ID should be consistent between the solo and the group submission. 
It is used to match the solo changes that correspond to the group change for the 
reporting period.  
Description of Change  
C0030  Date of approval  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date when approval is granted, 
according to the decision of the NCA’s concerned.  
C0040  Date of submission  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date when the written appli ­
cation for approval to the NCA’s concerned (for approved changes) was made.EN  L 120/986 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023