 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0130/C0190  Lapse risk (up) – Average run 
off period  Average period in years over which the policies with a positive surrender strain 
run off.  
R0140/C0140  Lapse risk (down) – Surrender 
strain  Sum of all negative surrender strains as defined in Article 95 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0140/C0160  Lapse risk (down) – Average 
rate t + 1  Average lapse rate for policies with negative surrender strains.  
R0140/C0190  Lapse risk (down) – Average 
run off period  Average period in years over which the policies with a negative surrender strain 
run off.  
R0150/C0180  Life expense risk – Modified 
duration  Modified duration in years of the cash flows included in the best estimate of life 
insurance and reinsurance obligations.  
R0150/C0210  Life expense risk – Payments  Expenses paid related to life insurance and reinsurance during the last 12 months.  
R0150/C0220  Life expense risk – Average 
inflation rate  Weighted average inflation rate included in the calculation of the best estimate of 
those obligations, where the weights are based on the present value of expenses 
included in the calculation of the best estimate for servicing existing life 
obligations.  
R0160/C0120  Life catastrophe risk – Capital 
at risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 96 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
Health underwriting risk  
R0200/C0120  Health mortality risk – Capital 
at risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 97 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35 for all obligations subject to health mortality risk.  
R0200/C0160  Health mortality risk – 
Average rate t + 1  Average mortality rate during the following 12 months (t + 1) weighted by sum 
insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0200/C0180  Health mortality risk – 
Modified duration  Modified duration in years of all payments payable on death included in the best 
estimate for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0210/C0150  Health longevity risk – Best 
estimate  Best estimate of obligations subject to health longevity risk.  
R0210/C0160  Health longevity risk – 
Average rate t + 1  Average mortality rate during the following 12 months (t + 1) weighted by sum 
insured for policies where a decrease in the mortality rate leads to an increase in 
technical provisions.  
R0210/C0180  Health longevity risk – 
Modified duration  Modified duration in years of all payments to beneficiaries included in the best 
estimate for policies where a decrease in the mortality rate leads to an increase in 
technical provisions.  
R0220/C0180  Health disability–morbidity 
risk (medical expense) – 
Modified duration  Modified duration in years of the cash flows included in the best estimate of 
medical expense insurance and reinsurance obligations.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/937