 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0410/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Lapse risk– risk of 
increase in lapse rates  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the risk of an increase in lapse 
rates, before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0410/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Lapse risk – risk of 
increase in lapse rates  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the risk of an increase in lapse 
rates, before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0410/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Lapse 
risk –risk of increase in 
lapse rates  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the risk of an increase in lapse 
rates, after the shock (i.e. permanent increase in the lapse rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0410/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Lapse risk – 
risk of increase in lapse 
rates  This is the absolute value of liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to the risk of an increase in lapse rates, after the 
shock (i.e. permanent increase in the lapse rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0410/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Lapse risk – risk of 
increase in lapse rates  This is the net capital charge for the risk of a permanent increase in lapse rates, 
after adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0040/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for a permanent 
increase in lapse rates, calculated using simplified calculation for lapse rate.  
R0410/C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss–absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions – Lapse risk – 
risk of increase in lapse 
rates)  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to the risk of a permanent increase in lapse rates, 
after the shock (permanent increase in lapse rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0410/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
Lapse risk – risk of 
increase lapse rates  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss–absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for the risk of a permanent increase in lapse rates. 
If R0040/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for a permanent 
increase in lapse rates, calculated using simplified calculation for lapse rate.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1381