 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0140  Buyer/Seller  Only for futures and options, swaps and credit derivatives contracts. 
Identify whether the derivative contract was bought or sold. 
The buyer and seller position for swaps is defined relative to the security or notional 
amount and the swap flows. 
A seller of a swap owns the security or notional amount at the contract inception and 
agrees to deliver during the contract term that security or notional amount, including 
any other outflows related to the contract, when applicable. 
A buyer of a swap shall own the security or the notional amount at the end of the 
derivatives contact and shall receive during the contract term that security or notional 
amount, including any other inflows related to the contract, when applicable. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used, with the exception of 
Interest Rate Swaps: 
1 – Buyer 
2 – Seller 
For interest rate swaps one of the options in the following closed list shall be use: 
3 – FX–FL: Deliver fixed–for–floating 
4 – FX–FX: Deliver fixed–for–fixed 
5 – FL–FX: Deliver floating–for–fixed 
6 – FL–FL: Deliver floating–for–floating  
C0150  Premium paid to date  The payment made (if bought), for options and up–front, and periodical premium 
amounts paid for swaps, since the moment the undertaking entered into the derivative 
contract.  
C0160  Premium received to date  The payment received (if sold), for options and up–front, and periodical premium 
amounts received for swaps, since the moment the undertaking entered into the 
derivative contract.  
C0170  Number of contracts  Number of similar derivative contracts reported in the line. It shall be the number of 
contracts entered into. For Over–TheCounter derivatives, e.g. one swap contract, ‘1’ 
shall be reported, if ten swaps with the same characteristics, ‘10’ shall be reported. 
The number of contracts can be non-integer, when there is a need to split contracts. 
The number of contracts shall be the ones outstanding at the reporting date.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1217