 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
The data are in absolute amount, non–cumulative and undiscounted, net of 
salvage and subrogation. 
The amount includes all the elements that compose the claim itself but excludes 
any expenses.  
C0560/R0100 
to R0260  Gross Reported but not Settled 
Claims (RBNS) – Year end 
(discounted data)  Total ‘Year end’ reflects the last diagonal but on a discounted basis (all data 
referred to last reporting year) from R0100 to R0250. 
R0260 is the total of R0100 to R0250.  
C0600 to 
C0750/R0300 
to R0450  Reinsurance Recoveries (non– 
cumulative) – Triangle  Triangles for each of the accident/underwriting years from N–14 (and prior) and 
all previous reporting periods to – including – N (last reporting year) of payments 
(claims paid by reinsurer plus reinsurance recoverables), reported in the ‘Gross 
Claims Paid (non–cumulative)’, covered by a reinsurance contract. 
The amounts of reinsurance recoverables shall be considered after the adjustment 
for the counterparty default. 
The amount includes all the elements that compose the claim itself but excludes 
any expenses.  
C0760/R0300 
to R0460  Reinsurance Recoveries 
received (non–cumulative) – In 
current year  Total ‘Current year’ reflects the last diagonal (all data referred to last reporting 
year) from R0300 to R0450. 
R0460 is the total of R0300 to R0450. 
The amount includes all the elements that compose the claim itself but excludes 
any expenses.  
C0770/R0300 
to R0450  Reinsurance Recoveries 
received – Sum of years 
(cumulative)  Total ‘Sum of years’ contains the sum of all data in rows (sum of all payments 
referred to the i–accident/underwriting year), including total.  
C0800 to 
C0950/R0300 
to R0450  Undiscounted Best Estimate 
Claims Provisions – 
Reinsurance recoverable – 
Triangle  Provisions referred to the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and 
special purpose vehicles. In the triangle is required to reported undiscounted data, 
while the column ‘Year end’ will contain data on discounted basis. 
The amounts shall be considered after the adjustment for the counterparty default, 
net of salvage and subrogation and excluding any expenses, as well as any future 
premiums.  
C0960/R0300 
to R0460  Best Estimate Claims 
Provisions – Reinsurance 
recoverable – Year end (dis ­
counted data)  Total ‘Year end’ reflects the last diagonal but a on discounted basis (all data 
referred to last reporting year) from R0300 to R0450. 
R0460 is the total of R0300 to R0450.  
C1000 to 
C1150/R0300 
to R0450  Reinsurance RBNS Claims – 
Triangle  Triangles for each of the accident/underwriting years from N–14 (and prior) and 
all previous reporting periods to – including – N (last reporting year) of 
reinsurance share of provisions, reported in the ‘Gross Reported but not Settled 
Claims (RBNS)’, covered by a reinsurance contract. 
The amount includes all the elements that compose the claim itself but excludes 
any expenses and is net of salvage and subrogation.  
C1160/R0300 
to R0460  Reinsurance RBNS Claims – 
Year end (discounted data)  Total ‘Year end’ reflects the last diagonal but on a discounted basis (all data 
referred to last reporting year) from R0300 to R0450. 
R0460 is the total of R0300 to R0450.EN  L 120/768 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023