 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0770  Deposits from reinsurers  Amounts (e.g. cash) received from reinsurer or deducted by the reinsurer according to 
the reinsurance contract.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0780  Deferred tax liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities are the amounts of income taxes payable in future periods in 
respect of taxable temporary differences.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0790  Derivatives  A financial instrument or other contract with all three of the following characteristics: 
(a) Its value changes in response to the change in a specified interest rate, financial 
instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, index of prices or rates, 
credit rating or credit index, or other variable, provided in the case of a non– 
financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract 
(sometimes called the ‘underlying’). 
(b) It requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than 
would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to have a 
similar response to changes in market factors. 
(c) It is settled at a future date. 
Only derivative liabilities shall be reported on this row (i.e. derivatives with negative 
values as of the reporting date.) Derivatives assets shall be reported under C0010– 
C0020/R0190. 
Groups which do not value derivatives in their Local GAAP do not need to provide a 
statutory accounts value.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0800  Debts owed to credit 
institutions  Debts, such as mortgage and loans, owed to credit institutions, excluding bonds held by 
credit institutions (it is not possible for the group to identify all the holders of the 
bonds that it issues) and subordinated liabilities. It This shall also include bank over ­
drafts.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0810  Financial liabilities other 
than debts owed to credit 
institutions  Financial liabilities including bonds issued by the group (held by credit institutions or 
not), structured notes issued by the group itself and mortgage and loans due to other 
entities than credit institutions. 
Subordinated liabilities shall not be included here.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0820  Insurance and inter ­
mediaries payables  Amounts payable to policyholders, insurers and other business linked to insurance that 
are not included in technical provisions. 
Includes amounts payable to (re)insurance intermediaries (e.g. commissions due to 
intermediaries but not yet paid by the undertaking). 
Excludes loans & mortgages due to other insurance companies, if they only relate to 
financing and are not linked to insurance business (such loans and mortgages shall be 
reported as financial liabilities). 
It shall include payables from reinsurance accepted.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1151