 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0600/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
–Health revision risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to health revision risk charge, 
before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0600/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Health 
revision risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to health revision risk, after the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0600/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Health 
revision risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to health revision risk, after the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0600/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Health revision risk  This is the net capital charge for health revision risk, after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0600/C0070  Absolute value after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Health 
revision risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to health revision risk charge, after the shock (i.e. as 
prescribed by standard formula, a % increase in the annual amount payable for 
annuities exposed to revision risk). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0600/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
Health revision risk  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for health revision risk.  
R0700/C0060  Diversification within 
SLT health underwriting 
risk module – Net  This is the diversification effect within the SLT health underwriting risk module 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
as a result of the aggregation of the net capital requirements (after adjustment for 
the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1401