 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0190  Credit Spread risk – 
Spread risk ‘Government 
and central banks’  Credit spread risk ‘Government and central banks’ comprises the sensitivity of the 
values of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the value of 
financial instruments issued by governments and central banks due to changes in 
spreads over the risk-free term structure which are not owed to migration or 
(partial) default. 
The following list enumerates the CIC codes of the asset classes that are attributed to 
government or central banks: 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19. The CIC codes 13 and 14 were 
used to identify bonds issued by Regional government and local authorities (RGLA). 
RGLA should be allocated to government portfolio if they are listed in the Commission 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2011 and otherwise to non-financial corporate 
portfolio according to their credit quality step.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0200  Credit Spread risk other  Credit spread risk ‘other’ comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and 
financial instruments to changes in the value of financial instruments not issued by 
governments and central banks due to changes in spreads over the risk-free term 
structure which are not owed to migration or (partial) default.  
STAND ALONE MARKET AND CREDIT RISK: Combined market and credit risk  
C0020-C0060/ 
R0020  Market and credit risk 
diversified  In this line, please provide data for the combined market & credit risk, i.e. the risk 
arising from the level or volatility of market prices of assets, which have an impact 
upon the value of assets and liabilities of the undertaking or the group. Credit risk 
covers the usual three facets ‘spread’, ‘migration’ and ‘default’. 
Credit risk shall be given according to the scope as defined in the internal model and 
could cover only financial instruments or could cover any assets and also off-balance 
sheet items.  
C0020-C0060/ 
R0010  Market and credit risk 
sum (level 2 
components)  Sum of the respective following values: 
— Interest rate risk diversified (R0050) 
— Inflation risk (R0080) 
— Equity risk diversified (R0100) 
— Property risk (R0130) 
— Currency risk (R0140) 
— Credit risk sum (R0150)EN  L 120/1434 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023