 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0330/C0080  Diversification within 
counterparty default risk 
module – gross solvency 
capital requirement  This is the amount of gross diversification effects allowed in aggregation of capital 
requirements for counterparty default risk for Type 1 and Type 2 exposures.  
R0400/C0070  Total net solvency capital 
requirement for counterparty 
default risk  This is the total amount of the net capital charge (after the loss–absorbency 
capacity of technical provisions) for counterparty default risk.  
R0400/C0080  Total gross solvency capital 
requirement for counterparty 
default risk  This is the total amount of the gross capital charge (before the loss–absorbency 
capacity of technical provisions) for counterparty default risk.  
Further details on mortgages  
R0500/C0090  Losses stemming from type 2 
mortgage loans  Amount of the overall losses stemming from mortgage loans that has been 
classified as type 2 exposures according to Article 191(13) of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0510/C0090  Overall losses stemming from 
mortgage loans  Amount of the overall losses stemming from mortgage loans according to 
Article 191(13) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
S.26.03 – Solvency Capital Requirements – Life underwriting risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.03.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) 
and for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
All values shall be reported net of reinsurance and other risk mitigating techniques.  
Amounts before and after shock shall be filled in with the amount of assets and liabilities sensitive to that shock. For the 
liabilities the assessment shall be done at the most granular level available between contract and homogeneous risk 
group. This means that if a contract/HRG is sensitive to a shock the amount of liabilities associated to that 
contract/HRG shall be reported as amount sensitive to that shock.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reporting  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining partEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/903