 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Spread risk  
R0400/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – spread risk  This is the net capital charge for spread risk, after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0400/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – spread risk  This is the gross capital charge for spread risk, before the loss absorbing capacity 
of technical provisions.  
R0410/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – spread risk – 
bonds and loans  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on bonds and 
loans. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0410/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – spread 
risk – bonds and loans  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on bonds 
and loans. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0410/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – spread risk – bonds 
and loans  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on bonds and 
loans, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0410/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – spread risk – 
bonds and loans  This is the absolute value of the liabilities underlying the spread risk charge for 
bonds and loans, after the shock and after the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0410/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – spread risk – 
bonds and loans  This is the net capital charge for spread risk on bonds and loans, after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0012/C0010 = 1 and/or 2, this item represents the net solvency capital 
requirement for spread risk – bonds and loans, calculated using simplifications  
R0410/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions)– spread risk – 
bonds and loans  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on bonds 
and loans, after the shock but before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0410/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – spread risk – 
bonds and loans  This is the gross capital charge for spread risk on bonds and loans, i.e. before the 
loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0012/C0010 = 1 and/or 2, this item represents gross solvency capital 
requirement for spread risk – bonds and loans calculated using simplifications.EN  L 120/886 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023