 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0200/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Longevity 
risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to longevity risk, before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0200/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Longevity 
risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to longevity risk charge, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0200/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Longevity risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to longevity risk, after the shock 
(i.e. permanent decrease in mortality rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0200/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Longevity risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions sensitive to longevity risk, after the shock (i.e. permanent 
decrease in mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0200/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Longevity risk  This is the net capital charge for longevity risk after the shock (after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for longevity risk 
calculated using simplifications  
R0200/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss– 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions)– Longevity risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to longevity risk charge, after the shock (permanent 
decrease in mortality rates. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0200/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Longevity risk  This is the gross capital charge for longevity risk (before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for longevity risk 
calculated using simplifications.  
R0300/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Disability – 
morbidity risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to disability – morbidity risk, 
before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0300/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Disability– 
morbidity risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to disability – morbidity risk, 
before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.EN  L 120/906 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023