 
C0030/R0080  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Catastrophe risk non– 
proportional property 
reinsurance  This is the total catastrophe risk after risk mitigation arising from non–propor ­
tional property reinsurance.  
C0010/R0090  SCR before risk miti ­
gation – Man–made 
catastrophe risk  This is the total catastrophe risk before risk mitigation arising from all man–made 
perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect between the perils 
given in C0010/R0160.  
C0010/R0100 – 
R0150  SCR before risk miti ­
gation – Man–made 
catastrophe risk perils  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation per man–made peril, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect between sub–perils. 
Per man–made peril this amount is equal to the Catastrophe Risk Charge before 
risk mitigation.  
C0010/R0160  SCR before risk miti ­
gation – Diversification 
between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different man–made perils.  
C0020/R0090  Total risk mitigation – 
Man–made catastrophe 
risk  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles arising from all man–made perils and taking into 
consideration the diversification effect between the perils given in C0020/R0160.  
C0020/R0100 – 
R0150  Total risk mitigation – 
Man–made catastrophe 
risk perils  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles per man–made catastrophe peril.  
C0020/R0160  Total risk mitigation – 
Diversification between 
perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the risk mitigation effect of 
the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to 
different man–made perils.  
C0030/R0090  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Man–made catastrophe 
risk  This is the total catastrophe risk after risk mitigation arising from all man–made 
catastrophe perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect between 
the perils given in C0030/R0160.  
C0030/R0100 – 
R0150  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Man–made catastrophe 
risk perils  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation per man–made catas ­
trophe peril, taking into consideration the diversification effect between sub– 
perils. 
Per man–made peril this amount is equal to the Catastrophe Risk Charge after risk 
mitigation.  
C0030/R0160  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Diversification between 
perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different man–made catastrophe perils.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1483