 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0010–R0050/ 
C0050  Allocation of RFF 
adjustment due to RFF 
and Matching 
adjustments portfolios  Part of the adjustment allocated to each risk module according to the procedure 
described in the general comments. 
This amount shall be positive.  
R0060/C0030  Net solvency capital 
requirement – Diversifi ­
cation  Amount of the diversification effects between Basic SCR of net risk modules, 
including diversification within each risk module, due to the application of the 
correlation matrix defined in Annex IV of Directive 2009/138/EC. 
This amount shall be reported as a negative value.  
R0060/C0040  Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Diversifi ­
cation  Amount of the diversification effects between Basic SCR of gross risk modules, 
including diversification within each risk module, due to the application of the 
correlation matrix defined in Annex IV of Directive 2009/138/EC. 
This amount shall be reported as a negative value.  
R0070/C0030  Net solvency capital 
requirement – Intangible 
asset risk  Amount of the capital charge, after the adjustment for the loss–absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions, for intangible assets risk, as calculated using the standard 
formula.  
R0070/C0040  Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Intangible 
assets risk  The future discretionary benefits in accordance with Article 205 of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35 for intangible assets risk is zero under standard formula hence 
R0070/C0040 equals R0070/C0030.  
R0100/C0030  Net solvency capital 
requirement – Basic 
Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Amount of the basic capital requirements, after the consideration of future discre ­
tionary benefits as laid down in Article 206 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
as calculated using the standard formula. 
This amount shall fully consider the diversification effects referred to in Article 304 
of Directive 2009/138/EC where applicable. 
This cell does not include the allocation of the adjustment due to the aggregation of 
the nSCR of the RFF/MAP at entity level. These figures represent the SCR as if there 
was no loss of diversification. 
This amount shall be calculated as a sum of the net capital charges for each risk 
module within the standard formula, including adjustment for diversification effect 
within standard formula.EN  L 120/1330 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023