 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0580/C0010  SCR  This is the total SCR of the undertaking as a whole and shall correspond to the 
SCR reported on the relevant SCR template. 
For quarterly reporting this is the latest SCR to be calculated and reported in 
accordance with Articles 103 to 127 of Directive 2009/138/EC, either the annual 
one or a more recent one in case the SCR has been recalculated due to for 
example a change in risk profile, a breach or a risk of breaching the SCR. The 
amount shall include any capital add on set by the National Supervisory Auth ­
ority. 
In case no full recalculation has been performed for the purpose of the quarterly 
reporting but undertakings have updated the SCR via approximations, then this 
updated SCR can be reported in the quarterly submission.  
R0600/C0010  MCR  This is the MCR of the undertaking and shall correspond to the total MCR 
reported in the relevant MCR template.  
R0620/C0010  Ratio of eligible own funds to 
SCR  This is the solvency ratio calculated as the total eligible own funds to meet the 
SCR divided by the SCR amount.  
R0640/C0010  Ratio of eligible own funds to 
MCR  This is the MCR ratio calculated as the total of eligible own funds to meet the 
MCR divided by the MCR amount.  
Reconciliation Reserve  
R0700/C0060  Excess of assets over liabilities  This is the excess of assets over liabilities as reported in the Solvency 2 balance 
sheet.  
R0710/C0060  Own shares (held directly and 
indirectly)  This is the amount of own shares held by the undertaking, both directly and 
indirectly.  
R0720/C0060  Foreseeable dividends, 
distributions and charges  These are the dividends, distributions and charges foreseeable by the undertaking. 
As soon as a dividend is foreseeable it is considered in full in the quarterly 
reporting. As soon as a dividend is foreseeable, the full amount of dividend 
must be included in the quarterly reporting at one time, which means that it 
shall not be added incrementally from quarter to quarter. 
A dividend is foreseeable when the payment becomes likely considering the 
dividend payment history of the company, the business development throughout 
the year, the reference date of the assessment and, where appropriate, other 
relevant circumstances. 
The dividend shall be reported as foreseeable until it has been approved at the 
annual general meeting (not until it has been paid).  
R0730/C0060  Other basic own fund items  These are the basic own fund items included in points (a)(i) to (v) of Article 69, 
Article 72(a) and Article 76(a), as well as those basic own fund items approved 
by the supervisory authority in accordance with Article 79 of the Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0740/C0060  Adjustment for restricted own 
fund items in respect of 
matching adjustment port ­
folios and ring-fenced funds  This is the total amount of the adjustment to the reconciliation reserve due to the 
existence of restricted own fund items in respect of ring–fenced funds and 
matching portfolios.  
R0760/C0060  Reconciliation reserve – total  This the reconciliation reserve of the undertaking, before deduction for partici ­
pations in other financial sector as foreseen in Article 68 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/819