 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C1450/R4100 – 
R4410, 
C1470/R4100 – 
R4410, 
C1490/R4100 – 
R4410  Medical expense – Unit claim 
cost per type of healthcare – 
Countries  Best estimate of the amounts payable, using the cash–flow projection, by 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings for an insured person in relation to 
medical expense insurance or reinsurance obligations, other than workers’ 
compensation insurance or reinsurance obligations per healthcare utilisation 
type, in the event of a pandemic, for each of the countries identified.  
C1460/R4100 – 
R4410, 
C1480/R4100 – 
R4410, 
C1500/R4100 – 
R4410  Medical expense – Ratio of 
insured persons using type of 
healthcare – Countries  The ratio of insured persons with clinical symptoms utilising healthcare type, for 
each of the countries identified.  
C1510/R4100 – 
R4410  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Countries  Capital requirement before risk mitigation, for each of the countries identified, 
arising from the health sub–module pandemic.  
C1550  Other countries to be 
considered in the Pandemic  Identify the ISO code of other countries to be considered in the Pandemic.  
C1420/R4420  Income protection – Number 
of insured persons – Total 
Pandemic all countries  Total number of insured persons for all countries identified covered by the 
income protection insurance or reinsurance obligations other than workers’ 
compensation insurance or reinsurance obligations.  
C1430/R4420  Income protection – Total 
pandemic exposure – Total 
Pandemic all countries  The total of all income protection pandemic exposure for all countries identified 
of insurance and reinsurance undertakings. 
The value of the benefits payable for the insured person shall be the sum insured 
or where the insurance contract provides for recurring benefit payments the best 
estimate of the benefit payments assuming that the insured person is permanently 
disabled and will not recover.  
C1510/R4420  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Pandemic all countries  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for the health sub– 
module pandemic for all countries identified.  
C1520/R4420  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Pandemic all countries  The total estimated risk mitigation effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the 
estimated reinstatement premiums for all countries identified.  
C1530/R4420  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Pandemic all 
countries  The total estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the undertaking ’s 
specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril 
for all countries identified.  
C1540/R4420  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Pandemic all countries  The total capital requirement after risk mitigation for the health sub–module 
pandemic for all countries identified.EN  L 120/1026 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023