 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0110  Total amount of claims paid 
during the year  Claims paid during the year related to the sum of the direct business. 
This shall not include changes in provisions for claims that have not yet been paid 
and exclude claims management expenses and the movement in provisions in 
claims management expenses.  
C0120  Country  Country ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code or list of codes according to the following 
instructions: 
— ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the country where the contract was entered into, 
for countries representing more than 10 % of technical provisions or written 
premiums for a given product. 
— for countries representing less than 10 % of Technical Provisions or written 
premiums for a given product, report a list of ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 Codes of 
the countries concerned.  
Information on number of insured  
C0130  Number of insured at the end 
of the year  For products falling under line of business 1 and product categories 11.1 and 
12.2 report the total number of insured for contracts reported under C0050.  
C0140  Number of insured properties 
at the end of the year  For products falling under line of business 4 and 5 report the total number of 
insured properties for contracts reported under C0050.  
S.14.03 – Cyber underwriting risk  
General comments  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is relevant to non-life insurance and reinsurance undertakings which underwrite products covering cyber 
risks as defined in these instructions.  
Undertakings are required to provide information related with cyber risk underwritten by product group code and by 
Product Identification. When more than one commercial product is provided for the same Product Identification, for 
same set of LoB and the same set of Risk Coverage, products shall be reported using a single line, providing a ‘Product 
Group Code’ defined by the undertaking to identify the group of reported products. Products within the same Product 
Identification not sharing the mentioned characteristic cannot be aggregated and therefore shall be reported using 
individual lines.  
When a special justification is needed, the explanation is not to be submitted within the reporting template but shall be 
part of the dialogue between undertakings and the National Competent Authorities (NCAs).  
The template shall be subject to the application of a threshold based on the following:  
— The sum of premiums earned for standalone cyber policies and policies with cyber as add-on coverage (where only 
the (estimated) premiums earned for cyber risk should be taken into account) is greater than 5 % of the overall non- 
life business pursued by the undertaking or greater than 5 million EUR  
OR  
— Number of policies that include cyber coverage (i.e. standalone cyber and/or cyber ad add-on policy) represent more 
than 3 % of the total number of policies of the non-life business).  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Product Group Code  Internal product group ID code defined by the undertaking. 
The Product Group Code shall be consistent over time.EN  L 120/740 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023