 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0330  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in C0320, by 
using the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In case of ratings issued 
by subsidiaries of the ECAI please report the parent ECAI (the reference is made to 
ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered or certified in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies). 
Applicable at least to CIC categories 1 – Government bonds, 2 – Corporate bonds, 5 – 
Structured notes, 6 – Collateralised securities and 8 – Mortgages and Loans, (other than 
CIC 87 and CIC 88), where available. 
This item shall be reported where External rating (C0320) is reported. In case ‘No ECAI 
has been nominated and a simplification is used to calculate the SCR’, the External 
rating (C0320) shall be left blank and in Credit quality step (C0340) one of the 
following options shall be used: 2a; 3a or 3b.  
C0340  Credit quality step  Applicable to any asset for which Credit quality step needs to be attributed for the 
purpose of SCR calculation. 
Identify the credit quality step attributed to the asset, as defined by Article 109a(1) of 
Directive 2009/138/EC, by applying the mapping table prescribed in Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1800. 
The credit quality step shall in particular reflect any readjustments to the credit quality 
made internally by the undertakings that use the standard formula. 
This item is not applicable to assets for which undertakings using internal model use 
internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use internal rating, this 
item shall be reported. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1 
2 – Credit quality step 2 
2a – Credit quality step 2 due to the application of Article 176a of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35 for unrated bonds and loans 
3 – Credit quality step 3 
3a – Credit quality step 3 due to the application of simplified calculation under 
Article 105a of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
3b – Credit quality step 3 due to the application of Article 176a of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35 for unrated bonds and loans 
4 – Credit quality step 4 
5 – Credit quality step 5 
6 – Credit quality step 6 
9 – No rating availableEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1199