 
Information shall include all derivatives contracts that existed during the reporting period and were not closed prior to 
the reporting reference date.  
If there are frequent trades on the same derivative, resulting in multiple open positions, the derivative can be reported 
on an aggregated or net basis, as long as all the relevant characteristics are common and following the specific 
instruction for each relevant item.  
Items shall be reported with positive values unless otherwise stated in the respective instructions.  
A derivative is a financial instrument or other contract with all three of the following characteristics:  
a) Its value changes in response to the change in a specified interest rate, financial instrument price, commodity price, 
foreign exchange rate, index of prices or rates, credit rating or credit index, or other variable, provided in the case of 
a non–financial variable that the variable is not specific to a party to the contract (sometimes called the ‘underlying’).  
b) It requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller than would be required for other types 
of contracts that would be expected to have a similar response to changes in market factors.  
c) It is settled at a future date.  
This template comprises two tables: Information on positions held and Information on derivatives.  
On the table Information on positions held, each derivative shall be reported separately in as many rows as needed in 
order to properly fill in all non-monetary variables, requested in that table. If for the same derivative two values can be 
attributed to one variable, then this derivative needs to be reported in more than one line.  
In particular, for derivatives that have more than a pair of currencies, it shall be split into the pair components and 
reported in different rows.  
On the table Information on derivative, each derivative shall be reported separately, with one row for each derivative, 
filling in all variables requested in that table.  
Where method 1 is used exclusively, the reporting shall reflect the consolidated position of the derivatives net of intra– 
group transactions held within the scope of group supervision. The reporting shall be made as follows:  
— Item ‘Legal name of the undertaking – C0010’ and ‘Identification code of the undertaking – C0020’ shall not be 
reported;  
— The derivatives held by participating insurance and reinsurance undertakings or insurance holding companies or 
mixed–financial holding companies shall be reported item by item;  
— The derivatives held by undertakings consolidated in accordance with Article 335, paragraph 1, (a), (b) and (c) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 shall be reported item by item;  
— The derivatives held by other related undertakings  shall not be included  
Where method 2 is used exclusively, the reporting shall include the detailed list of the derivatives held by the 
participating undertakings, the insurance holding companies or mixed–financial holding companies and subsidiaries, 
regardless of the proportional share used. The reporting shall be made as follows:EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1211