 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0190  Credit event risk not covered 
in market and credit risk  SCR allocated to credit event risk that is not covered by the market & credit risk 
module.  
C0010/R0200  Credit event risk not covered 
in market and credit risk – 
diversified  S.26.08.01 C0010/R0190 + the part calculated using the Standard formula for 
undertakings using a partial internal model where relevant minus diversification 
allocated to credit event risk that is not covered by the market & credit risk 
module.  
C0010/R0210  Basis risk financial instruments  Capital charge allocated to basis risk for financial instruments (risk of imperfect 
hedges. Sum of price differences between asset and hedging instrument). 
To be reported only if undertaking models this explicitly in its own module and 
has indicated so in C0140/R0760.  
C0010/R0220  Derivatives risk  Capital charge allocated to derivatives risk (all derivatives not used for hedging 
purposes). 
To be reported only if undertaking models this explicitly in its own module and 
has indicated so in C0140/R0770.  
C0010/R0230  Participations  Capital charge allocated to participations. 
To be reported only if undertaking models this explicitly in its own module and 
has indicated so in C0140/R0720.  
C0010/R0240  Liquidity risk  Capital charge allocated to liquidity risk. 
To be reported only if undertaking models this explicitly in its own module and 
has indicated so in C0140/R0730.  
C0010/R0250  Pension risk  Capital charge allocated to pension risk. 
To be reported only if undertaking models this explicitly in its own module and 
has indicated so in C0140/R0740.  
C0010/R0260  Concentration risk  Capital charge allocated to concentration risk. 
For undertakings using a full internal model this shall be reported only if the 
undertaking models this explicitly in its own module and has indicated so in 
C0140/R0750.  
C0010/R0270  Total Business risk  Capital charge allocated to business risk. 
To be reported only if undertaking models this explicitly in its own module.  
C0010/R0280  Total Business risk – diver ­
sified  S.26.08.01 C0010/R0240 minus part of total diversification allocated to Business 
risk by the undertaking ’s algorithm.  
C0010/R0290  Total underwriting risk  S.26.08.01 C0010/R0310 + S.26.08.01 C0010/R0400 + the part calculated 
using the Standard formula for undertakings using a partial internal model 
where relevantEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/943