 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Efficient portfolio management refers usually to operations where the manager 
wishes to improve a portfolio’ income by exchanging a (lower) cash–flow pattern 
by another with a higher value, using a derivative or set of derivatives, without 
changing the asset’ portfolio composition, having a lower investment amount and 
less transaction costs. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Micro hedge 
2 – Macro hedge 
3 – Matching assets and liabilities cash–flows used in the context of matching 
adjustment portfolios 
4 – Efficient portfolio management, other than ‘Matching assets and liabilities 
cash–flows used in the context of matching adjustment portfolios’  
C0131  Notional amount of the 
derivative  The amount covered or exposed to the derivative, reported in the original 
currency. 
For futures and options corresponds to contract size multiplied by the trigger 
value and by the number of contracts reported in that line. For swaps and 
forwards it corresponds to the contract amount of the contracts reported in 
that line. When the trigger value corresponds to a range, the average value of 
the range shall be used. 
The notional amount refers to the amount that is being hedged/invested (when 
not covering risks). If several trades occur, it shall be the net amount at the 
reporting date.  
C0140  Buyer/Seller  Only for futures and options, swaps and credit derivatives contracts. 
Identify whether the derivative contract was bought or sold. 
The buyer and seller position for swaps is defined relatively to the security or 
notional amount and the swap flows. 
A seller of a swap owns the security or notional amount at the contract inception 
and agrees to deliver during the contract term that security or notional amount, 
including any other outflows related to the contract, when applicable. 
A buyer of a swap will own the security or the notional amount at the end of the 
derivatives contact and will receive during the contract term that security or 
notional amount, including any other inflows related to the contract, when 
applicable. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used, with the exception of 
Interest Rate Swaps: 
1 – Buyer 
2 – Seller 
For interest rate swaps one of the options in the following closed list shall be use: 
3 – FX–FL: Deliver fixed–for–floating 
4 – FX–FX: Deliver fixed–for–fixed 
5 – FL–FX: Deliver floating–for–fixed 
6 – FL–FL: Deliver floating–for–floatingEN  L 120/690 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023