 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R1120/C0130  Ancillary own funds –Tier 3 – 
called up to basic own fund  This is the amount of Tier 3 ancillary own funds that are called up to a basic own 
fund item over the reporting period.  
R1120/C0060  Ancillary own funds –Tier 3– 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 3 ancillary own funds carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
R1200/C0010  Total ancillary own funds – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of total ancillary own funds brought forward from the 
previous reporting period.  
R1200/C0110  Total ancillary own funds – 
new amount made available  This is the new amount of total ancillary own funds to be made available over the 
reporting period.  
R1200/C0120  Total ancillary own funds – 
reduction to amount available  This is the reduction to the amount available total ancillary own funds over the 
reporting period.  
R1200/C0130  Total ancillary own funds – 
called up to basic own fund  This is the amount of total ancillary own funds that are called up to a basic own 
fund item over the reporting period.  
R1200/C0060  Total ancillary own funds – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of total ancillary own funds carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
S.23.04 – List of items on own funds  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported if the amount of the own funds for any tier change more than 5 % compared to the 
previous year calculated as below.  
% change ðT; T Ä  1Þ : ¼  Available Own funds in tier i to cover SCR in T 
Available Own funds in tier to cover SCR in T  Ä  1  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Description of subordinated 
mutual member accounts  This shall list subordinated mutual member accounts for an individual under ­
taking.  
C0020  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Amount (in 
reporting currency)  This is the amount of individual subordinated mutual member accounts.  
C0030  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier  This shall indicate the tier of the subordinated mutual member accounts. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Tier 1 
2 – Tier 1 – unrestrictedEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/843