 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030  Type of code of the ID of 
the undertaking  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the undertaking’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0040  Portfolio  Distinction between life, non–life, shareholder’s funds, general (no split) and ring-fenced 
funds. Underlying assets of life technical provisions shall be assigned to life portfolio and 
underlying assets of non-life technical provisions shall be assigned to non-life portfolio (by 
applying the available most precise split). 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Life 
2 – Non–life 
3 – Ring fenced funds 
4 – Other internal fund 
5 – Shareholders’ funds 
6 – General 
The split is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory authority, 
except for identifying ring fenced funds, but shall be reported if the undertaking uses it 
internally. When an undertaking does not apply a split ‘general’ shall be used. 
For assets held off–balance sheet this item shall not be reported.  
C0050  Fund number  Applicable to assets held in ring fenced funds or other internal funds, defined according to 
national markets, in particular regarding funds (asset portfolios) supporting life products. 
Number or code which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the unique number 
or code assigned to each fund. This number or code has to be consistent over time and shall 
be used to identify the same funds in other templates (e.g. in S.06.02). It shall not be re–used 
for a different fund. 
The Fund Number is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory 
authority.  
C0060  Asset category  Identify the asset categories of the underlying asset lent/provided as part of a securities 
lending transactions or repurchase agreements). 
Use the categories defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation.EN  L 120/1230 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023