 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0100/C0070  Absolute value after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Health 
mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to health mortality risk charge, after the shock 
(permanent increase in mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
Health mortality risk  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for health mortality risk. 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for health mortality 
risk calculated using simplifications.  
R0200/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Health longevity risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to health longevity risk, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0200/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Health longevity risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to health longevity risk, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0200/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Health 
longevity risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to health longevity risk after the 
shock (i.e. permanent decrease in mortality rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0200/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Health 
longevity risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to health longevity risk, after the shock (i.e. 
permanent decrease in mortality rates. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0200/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Health longevity risk  This is the net capital charge for health longevity risk, after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for health longevity 
risk calculated using simplifications.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1391