 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0180/R1230  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Earthquake – All Regions 
before diversification  Total of the estimated Risk Mitigation for all regions.  
C0190/R0830 – 
R1020  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums —specified Region  Per each of the 20 specified Regions the estimated reinstatement premiums as a 
result of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose 
vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0190/R1030  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Earthquake 
specified Regions before diver ­
sification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for the 20 specified regions.  
C0190/R1220  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Earthquake 
Other Regions before diver ­
sification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement 
premiums, as a result of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and 
special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0190/R1230  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Earthquake 
All Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for all regions.  
C0200/R0830 – 
R1020  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation —specified 
Region  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the under ­
taking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this 
peril, arising from Earthquake in each of the 20 specified regions.  
C0200/R1030  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Earthquake specified Regions 
before diversification  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to this peril, arising from Earthquake for the 20 specified regions.  
C0200/R1220  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Earthquake Other Regions 
before diversification  Capital requirement after risk mitigation for Earthquake risk in regions other than 
the specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, including the 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0200/R1230  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Earthquake All Regions before 
diversification  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to this peril, arising from Earthquake for all regions.  
C0200/R1240  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Diversifi ­
cation effect between regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the capital requirement after 
risk mitigations for Earthquake risks relating to the different regions (both 
specified Regions and Other regions).  
C0200/R1250  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Earthquake after diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation for Earthquake risk, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect given in C0200/R1240.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1001