 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
32 – Other life insurance 
33 – Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to health 
insurance obligations 
34 – Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to 
insurance obligations other than health insurance obligations 
35 – Health reinsurance 
36 – Life reinsurance 
37 – Multiline (as defined hereunder) 
Additional remarks: 
1) Where the reinsurance treaty provides cover for more than one line of business 
and the terms of cover differ between lines of business then the treaty needs to 
be specified over multiple rows. The first row entry for the treaty needs to be 
entered as ‘Multiline’ that provides details of the overall terms of the treaty 
(such as deductibles and reinstatements), with the subsequent rows providing 
details of the individual terms of the reinsurance treaty to each relevant line of 
business. 
2) Where the term of the cover do not differ by line of business only the 
dominant (based on the Gross Estimated Treaty Premium Income) Solvency 
II line of business is required. 
3) Multiyear treaties with fixed conditions can be expressed by the columns used 
for the validity period.  
C0080  Description risk category 
covered  Description of the main scope of the treaty cover. This is referred to the main 
portfolio which is the scope of the treaty and normally is part of the treaty 
description (e.g. ‘Industrial property’ or ‘Director and officers liability’. Under ­
takings can also include a description referring which business unit the risk 
was accepted in case this has led to different treaty conditions (e.g. ‘Distribution 
label A’). 
The description of the risk category covered is entity specific and is not 
mandatory. Also the term ‘risk category’ isn’t based on Level 1 and 2 
terminologies but can be considered as an extra possibility to give additional 
information about the underwriting risk(s).  
C0090  Type of reinsurance treaty  Code of the type of reinsurance treaty. One of the options in the following list 
shall be used: 
1 – quota share 
2 – variable quota share 
3 – surplus 
4 – excess of loss (per event and per risk) 
5 – excess of loss (per risk) 
6 – excess of loss (per event) 
7 – excess of loss ‘back–up’ (protection against follow–on events which certain 
catastrophes can cause such as flooding or fire) 
8 – excess of loss with basis risk 
9 – reinstatement coverEN  L 120/1078 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023