 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060/R0010  Without volatility 
adjustment and without 
other transitional 
measures – Technical 
Provisions  Total amount of gross technical provisions without the adjustments due to the tran ­
sitional deduction to technical provisions, the transitional adjustment to the relevant 
risk-free interest rate term structure and the volatility adjustment, but keeping 
adjustments due to the matching adjustment, if any. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0010  Impact of volatility 
adjustment set to zero – 
Technical provisions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application of 
the volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the volatility adjustment 
to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the technical provisions without volatility adjustment 
and without other transitional measures and the maximum between the technical 
provisions reported under C0010, C0020 and C0040.  
C0080/R0010  Without matching 
adjustment and without 
all the others – Technical 
Provisions  Total amount of gross technical provisions without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0010  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Technical Provisions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application of 
the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the volatility adjustment 
and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the technical provisions without matching adjustment 
and without all the other transitional measures and the maximum between the 
technical provisions reported under C0010, C0020, C0040 and C0060.  
C0100/R0010  Impact of all LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Technical Provi ­
sions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application of 
the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0020  Amount with LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Basic own 
funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions including 
the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures and transitional measures.  
C0020/R0020  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Basic own funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions without 
the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, but keeping 
the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1245