 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
NC0090  Single economic operation  If the reported IGT is part of single economic operation (cf. General comments 
supra report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010)) of the related transaction 
in this cell. If more than two transactions are related, the ID code of the first 
related transaction needs to be reported as a reference to link all interconnected 
transactions. 
If the reported IGT is not part of single economic operation, indicate No  
NC0100  ID Code of the instrument  This is the identification code of the instrument (capital, debt etc.) between the 
two counterparties identified using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available. 
This code shall be consistent over time. 
This may be different from the intragroup transaction code provided in cell 
C0010.  
NC0101  ID Code Type of the 
instrument  Type of ID Code used for the ‘ID Code of the instrument’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO 6166 for ISIN code 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn-Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking  
NC0110  Type of instrument  Identify the type of instrument. 
The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Bonds/Debt 
2 – Equity type 
3 – Other asset transfer  
NC0120  Instrument  Identify the instrument. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Bonds/Debt – collateralised 
2 – Bonds/Debt – uncollateralisedEN  L 120/1098 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023