 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0213/C0100  of which, capital add–ons 
already set – Article 37(1) 
Type c  Amount of capital add–on set by the NSA in accordance with Article 37(1) 
paragraph (c), by the reporting reference date. It does not include capital add– 
ons set between that date and the submission of the data to the supervisory 
authority.  
R0214/C0100  of which, capital add–ons 
already set – Article 37(1) 
Type d  Amount of capital add–on that set by the NSA in accordance with Article 37(1) 
paragraph (d), by the reporting reference date. It does not include capital add–ons 
set between that date and the submission of the data to the supervisory authority.  
R0220/C0100  Solvency capital requirement  Amount of the Solvency Capital Requirement.  
Other 
information on 
SCR  
R0400/C0100  Capital requirement for 
duration–based equity risk 
sub–module  Amount of the capital requirement for duration–based equity risk sub–module.  
R0410/C0100  Total amount of notional 
Solvency Capital Requirements 
for remaining part  Amount of the notional SCRs of remaining part when undertaking has RFF.  
R0420/C0100  Total amount of notional 
Solvency Capital Requirements 
for ring–fenced funds  Amount of the sum of notional SCRs of all ring–fenced funds when undertaking 
has RFF (other than those related to business operated in accordance with 
Article 4 of Directive 2003/41/EC (transitional)).  
R0430/C0100  Total amount of Notional 
Solvency Capital Requirements 
for matching adjustment port ­
folios  Amount of the sum of notional SCRs of all matching adjustment portfolios.  
R0440/C0100  Diversification effects due to 
RFF nSCR aggregation for 
Article 304  Amount of the adjustment for a diversification effect between ring–fenced funds 
under Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC and the remaining part where 
applicable.  
R0450/C0100  Method used to calculate the 
adjustment due to RFF/MAP 
nSCR aggregation  Method used to calculate the adjustment due to RFF nSCR aggregation. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Full recalculation 
2 – Simplification at risk sub–module level 
3 – Simplification at risk module level 
4 – No adjustment 
When the undertaking has no RFF (or have only RFF under Article 304 of 
Directive 2009/138/EC) it shall select option 4.  
R0460/C0100  Net future discretionary 
benefits  Amount of technical provisions without risk margin in relation to future discre ­
tionary benefits net of reinsurance.  
Approach to tax 
rate  
R0590/C0109  Approach based on average 
tax rate  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Yes 
2 – NoEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/869