 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070  Identification of the company/ 
person to which the risk 
relates  If the risk relates to a company identify the name of the company to whom the 
risk relates. 
If the risk relates to a natural person, pseudonymise the original policy number 
and report pseudonymised information. Pseudonymous data refer to data that 
cannot be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional 
information, as long as such additional information is kept separately. Consistency 
over time shall be insured. It implies that if a single underwriting risk appears 
from one year to another, it shall receive the same pseudonymised format.  
C0080  Description risk  The description of the risk. Depending on the line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, report the type of company, 
building or occupation of the specific risk insured.  
C0090  Description risk category 
covered  Description of the main scope of the cover of the facultative risk. It is normally 
part of the description used to identify the placement. 
The description of the risk category covered is entity specific and is not 
mandatory. Also the term ‘risk category’ is not based on Directive 2009/138/EC 
or Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35/EC terminologies but can be considered as 
an extra possibility the give additional information about the underwriting risk(s).  
C0100  Validity period (start date)  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date of commencement of the 
specific cover, i.e., date when the cover took effect.  
C0110  Validity period (expiry date)  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the final expiry date of the specific 
cover. 
In case the cover conditions remain unchanged when filling in the template and 
the undertaking is not making use of the termination clause, the expiry date will 
be the next possible expiry date.  
C0120  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the 
facultative cover. All the amounts must be expressed in this currency for the 
specific facultative cover, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory 
authority. In case the facultative cover is placed in two different currencies, then 
the main currency must be filled.  
C0130  Sum insured  The highest amount that the insurer can be obliged to pay out under the policy. 
The insured sum relates to the underwriting risk. Where the facultative cover 
provides for a number of exposures/risks across the country the aggregate 
policy limits shall be specified. If the risk has been accepted on a co–insurance 
basis, the insured sum indicates the maximum liability of the reporting non–life 
insurer. 
In the case of unlimited sum insured, the ‘Sum insured’ shall be an estimation of 
the expected possible loss (calculated using the same methods as used for the 
calculation of the premium, which shall reflect the actual risk exposure).  
C0140  Type of underwriting model  Type of underwriting model which is used to estimate the exposure of the under ­
writing risk and the need for reinsurance protection. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Sum Insured 
the highest amount that the insurer can be obliged to pay out according to the 
original policy. SI must also be filled when type of underwriting model is not 
applicableEN  L 120/1066 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023