 
S.05.01 – Premiums, claims and expenses by line of business  
General comments  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported from an accounting perspective, i.e.: Local GAAP or IFRS if accepted as local GAAP but 
using Solvency II lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. Undertakings shall use 
the recognition and valuation basis as for the published financial statements, no new recognition or re–valuation is 
required, unless otherwise stated in these instructions. The template is based on a year–to–date basis, except for the 
classification between investment contracts and insurance contracts or different reporting requirements when this is 
applicable in the financial statements. This template shall include all insurance business regardless of the possible 
different classification between investment contracts and insurance contracts applicable in the financial statements.  
Insurance and reinsurance undertakings shall report written/earned premiums as defined in Article 1(11) and (12) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 regardless whether local GAAP or IFRS is used.  
For quarterly reporting administrative expenses, investment management expenses, acquisition expenses, claims 
management expenses, overhead expenses shall be presented aggregated.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Non–life insurance and reinsurance obligations  
C0010 to 
C0120/R0110  Premiums written – Gross – 
Direct Business  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the reporting 
period in respect of insurance contracts, arising from direct business, regardless 
of the fact that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later reporting 
period. Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from 
the written premiums.  
C0010 to 
C0120/R0120  Premiums written – Gross – 
Proportional reinsurance 
accepted  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the reporting 
period in respect of insurance contracts, arising from proportional reinsurance 
accepted business, regardless of the fact that such amounts may relate in whole or 
in part to a later reporting period. Amount of taxes or charges levied with 
premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums.  
C0130 to 
C0160/R0130  Premiums written – Gross – 
Non proportional reinsurance 
accepted  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the reporting 
period in respect of insurance contracts, arising from non–proportional 
reinsurance accepted business, regardless of the fact that such amounts may 
relate in whole or in part to a later reporting period. Amount of taxes or 
charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums.  
C0010 to 
C0160/R0140  Premiums written – Reinsurers’ 
share  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts ceded to reinsurers during the 
reporting period in respect of insurance contracts regardless of the fact that such 
amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later reporting period. Amount of 
taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the written 
premiums.  
C0010 to 
C0160/R0200  Premiums written – Net  The net premiums written represent the sum of the direct business and the 
accepted reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance under ­
takings.  
C0010 to 
C0120/R0210  Premiums earned – Gross – 
Direct business  The sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision for 
unearned premiums related to direct insurance business. Amount of taxes or 
charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the premiums earned.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/651