 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040  Country of issue  Breakdown of each asset category identified in C0030 by issuer country. Identify 
the country of localisation of the issuer. 
The localisation of the issuer is assessed by the address of the entity issuing the 
asset. 
One of the options shall be used: 
— ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code 
— XA: Supranational issuers 
— EU: European Union Institutions 
— AA: aggregated countries due to application of threshold 
This item is not applicable to Categories 7, 8 and 9 as reported in C0030.  
C0050  Currency  Identify whether the currency of the asset category is the reporting currency or a 
foreign currency. All other currencies than the reporting currency are referred to 
as foreign currencies. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 — Reporting currency 
2 — Foreign currency 
3 — Aggregated currencies due to application of threshold  
C0060  Total amount  Total amount invested by asset category, country and currency through collective 
investment undertakings. 
For liabilities a positive amount shall be reported, unless the item is a derivative 
liability. 
For derivatives the Total amount can be positive (if an asset) or negative (if a 
liability).  
S.06.04 – Climate change-related risks to investments  
General comments:  
This template shall be reported in case of regular reporting even if no KPI is provided. In case no KPI is reported a 
justification is necessary to be provided in R0040/C0010 and/or R0050/C0010.  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template contains information on the share of investments exposed to climate change-related transition and 
physical risk. As an input to computing the share of investments exposed to transition risk, undertakings are 
required to report four-digit level NACE codes for NACE sections A to N in the List of assets S.06.02. For physical 
risk, undertakings are required to report in a standardised manner on the location of properties in the List of assets 
S.06.02. 
R0010/C0010  Climate change-related tran ­
sition risk – KPI  Proportion of the Solvency II value of investments exposed to transition risk, in 
relation to total of investments. Undertakings may use their own methodology to 
compute the KPI. The identification of investments exposed to transition risk shall 
be consistent with the classification made and reported through the four-digit 
level NACE codes for NACE sections A to N, as prescribed in S.06.02.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/681