 
The default length of run–off triangle is 15 + 1 years for all lines of business but the reporting requirement is based on 
the undertakings’ claims development (if length of the claims settlement cycle is shorter than 15 years, undertakings are 
required to report according to the internal shorter development).  
Historical data, starting from the first time application of Solvency II, are required for claims paid and RBNS claims but 
not for Best Estimate of Claims Provision. For the compilation of the historical data for claims paid and RBNS claims the 
same approach concerning the length of triangle for the on–going reporting will be applied (i.e. the shorter between 
15 + 1 years and the undertakings’ claims settlement cycle).  
All or part of an obligation moves from S.19.01 into S.16.01, when both of the below conditions are met:  
i. All or part of the obligation has been formally settled as an annuity; and  
ii. a best estimate of an obligation formally settled as an annuity can be established using life techniques.  
Formally settled as an annuity typically means that a legal process has ordered that the beneficiary is to receive 
payments as an annuity.  
The sum of provisions in templates S.16.01 and S.19.01 for one non–life line of business, as defined in Annex I to 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, represents the total claims reserves originating from this line of business.  
If option ‘2 – reporting currency’ is selected in Z0040 ‘currency conversion’, the default value should be reported in 
Z0030 ‘currency’.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Line of Business  Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – 1 and 13 Medical expense insurance 
2 – 2 and 14 Income protection insurance 
3 – 3 and 15 Workers’ compensation insurance 
4 – 4 and 16 Motor vehicle liability insurance 
5 – 5 and 17 Other motor insurance 
6 – 6 and 18 Marine, aviation and transport insurance 
7 – 7 and 19 Fire and other damage to property insurance 
8 – 8 and 20 General liability insurance 
9 – 9 and 21 Credit and suretyship insurance 
10 – 10 and 22 Legal expenses insurance 
11 – 11 and 23 Assistance 
12 – 12 and 24 Miscellaneous financial loss 
25 – Non–proportional health reinsurance 
26 – Non–proportional casualty reinsurance 
27 – Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance 
28 – Non–proportional property reinsurance  
Z0020  Accident year or Underwriting 
year  Report the standard used by the undertakings for reporting of claims devel ­
opment. One of the options from the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Accident year 
2 – Underwriting yearEN  L 120/766 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023