 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0500/C0160  Solvency capital 
requirement for non–life 
catastrophe risk  This is the total non–life catastrophe risk capital requirement.  
Total non–life under ­
writing risk  
R0600/C0160  Diversification within 
non–life underwriting 
risk module  This is the diversification effect within the non–life underwriting risk sub–module 
as a result of the aggregation of the capital requirements premium and reserve 
risk, catastrophe risk and lapse risk. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0700/C0160  Total capital requirement 
for non–life underwriting 
risk  This is the solvency capital requirement for non–life underwriting risk sub 
module.  
S.26.06 – Solvency Capital Requirements – Operational risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.06 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
Template SR.26.06 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a), (b) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
For group reporting the following specific requirements shall be met:  
a) This information is applicable when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used, either 
exclusively or in combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC;  
b) When combination method is being used, this information is to be submitted only for the part of the group 
calculated with method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC, and;  
c) This information does not apply to groups when method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC is 
being used exclusively.EN  L 120/1410 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023