 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
3 – Non-life underwriting premium risk and reserve risk with implicit catastrophe 
risk 
4 – Non-life underwriting premium risk and reserve risk 
5 – NSLT health underwriting premium risk and reserve risk aggregated separately 
with implicit catastrophe risk 
6 – NSLT health underwriting premium risk and reserve risk aggregated separately  
C0130  Total undiversified  The total amount of non-life and health NSLT underwriting risk before applying 
diversification effects among different non-life risks. This amount will include 
catastrophe risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium and reserve risk, 
otherwise catastrophe risk will be reported using separate codes described in 
the ‘DISTRIBUTION OF LOSSES FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this 
LOG file.  
C0140  Diversification  The difference between total undiversified standalone non-life and health NSLT 
underwriting risk and total non-life underwriting risk diversified. This amount is 
the diversification effect and shall be reported as a negative value.  
C0150  Diversified  The total amount of non-life and health NSLT risk underwriting after applying 
diversification effects among different risks. This amount will include catastrophe 
risk if it is modelled jointly with the premium and reserve risk, otherwise catas ­
trophe risk will be reported using separate codes described in the ‘DISTRIBUTION 
OF LOSSES FROM CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG file.  
R1210  Solvency Capital Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings need to 
face their risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each 
internal line of business, SII LoBs and aggregate level based on gross of 
reinsurance data.  
R1220  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained based on 
the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R1230  Simulated (output) standard 
deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output 
obtained based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a 
discounted basis).  
R1240-R1450  Percentiles from 0.001 to 
0.999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in 
the chart related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation 
process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
Overall Non-Life and Health NSLT net of reinsurance  
R1460  Solvency Capital Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings need to 
face their risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each 
internal line of business, SII LoBs and aggregate level based on net of reinsurance 
data.EN  L 120/974 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023