 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0600/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Health revision 
risk  This is the net capital charge for health revision risk, after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0600/C0070  Absolute value after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Health revision 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to health revision risk charge, after the shock (i.e. as 
prescribed by standard formula, a % increase in the annual amount payable for 
annuities exposed to revision risk). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0600/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Health revision 
risk  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for health revision risk.  
R0700/C0060  Diversification within SLT 
health underwriting risk 
module – Net  This is the diversification effect within the SLT health underwriting risk module 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
as a result of the aggregation of the net capital requirements (after adjustment for 
the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0700/C0080  Diversification within SLT 
health underwriting risk 
module – Gross  This is the diversification effect within the SLT health underwriting risk module 
referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
as a result of the aggregation of the gross capital requirements (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0800/C0060  Net solvency capital 
requirement – SLT health 
underwriting risk  This is the total net capital charge for SLT health underwriting risk referred to in 
Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, after 
adjustment of the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0800/C0080  Gross solvency capital – SLT 
health underwriting risk  This is the total gross capital charge for SLT health underwriting risk referred to in 
Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, before 
adjustment of the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
Further details on revision risk  
R0900/C0090  Revision shock USP  Revision shock – undertaking specific parameter as calculated by the undertaking 
and approved by the supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no undertaking specific parameter is used.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/925