 
C0780/R2410  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine after risk miti ­
gation – Diversification 
between type of event  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different type of events for marine risks.  
C0780/R2420  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine after risk miti ­
gation – Total after 
diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation, after diversification effect 
between the types of events, for marine risks.  
Man–made catastrophe 
risk – Aviation  
C0790–C0800/ 
R2500  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Aviation before risk 
mitigation –  Type of 
cover – before risk miti ­
gation  This is the capital requirement before risk mitigation, per type of cover (Aviation 
hull and Aviation liability), for risks arising from Aviation. 
The maximum relates to all aircrafts insured by the insurance or reinsurance 
group in lines of business: 
Marine, aviation and transport, including proportional reinsurance obligations; 
and 
Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance. 
The amount per type of cover is equal to the sum insured for the specific type of 
cover accepted by the insurance or reinsurance group for aviation insurance and 
reinsurance and in relation to the selected aircraft.  
C0810/R2500  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Aviation before risk 
mitigation  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for risks arising from 
Aviation.  
C0820/R2500  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from Aviation, excluding the 
estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0830/R2500  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums  The estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the group’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from 
Aviation.  
C0840/R2500  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Aviation after risk miti ­
gation – Total (row)  The total capital requirement after risk mitigation, after the deduction of the risk 
mitigating effect of the group’s specific retrocession contracts and special purpose 
vehicles, relating to risks arising from Aviation.  
Man–made catastrophe 
risk – FireEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1507