 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
When method 1 as defined under Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used for the 
(re)insurance undertaking, the total amount of technical provisions in cell C0050 
accounts for its contribution gross of reinsurance ceded within the scope of group 
supervision to the group technical provisions. 
When method 2 is used for the (re)insurance undertaking, the total amount of technical 
provisions in cell C0050 cannot be reconciled with the amount of group technical 
provisions in the group balance sheet.  
C0060  Total amount of TP – 
Amount of TP net of IGT  Total amount of technical provisions net of IGT. 
This item equals the sum of items C0080, C0110, C0140, C0170, C0200 and C0230, 
except for (re)insurance undertakings situated in equivalent non–EEA countries under 
method 2. 
For (re)insurance undertakings situated in equivalent non–EEA countries and allowed to 
use the local rules under method 2, only item C0060 is mandatory and this shall be 
filled on the basis of the local solvency regime. 
The cell shall be filled in with amounts gross of reinsurance but net of IGT, including 
intra–group reinsurance (the risk margin should not be net of IGT). 
When method 1 as defined under Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used for the 
(re)insurance undertaking, the total amount of technical provisions in cell C0060 
accounts for its contribution net of reinsurance ceded within the scope of group super ­
vision to the group technical provisions. The total amount of technical provisions in 
cell C0060 for all (re)insurance undertakings under method 1 can be reconciled with 
the amount of group technical provisions in the group balance sheet. 
When method 2 is used for the (re)insurance undertaking, the total amount of technical 
provisions in cell C0060 cannot be reconciled with the amount of group technical 
provisions in the group balance sheet.  
C0070, C0100, 
C0130, C0160, 
C0190  Amount of TP gross of 
IGT  Amount of technical provisions (TP calculated as a whole or the sum of the best 
estimate and the risk margin), split by respective main categories (Life excluding 
health and unit linked index–linked, Unit–linked and index linked, Health – SLT and 
non–SLT, Non–life excluding health) of the EEA or non–EEA undertaking calculated 
according to Solvency II rules. 
The cell shall be filled in with amounts gross of reinsurance and of IGT. 
The currency used shall be the group currency. 
This item is reported for the (re)insurance undertakings under method 1 and method 2, 
except for the (re)insurance undertakings under method 2 situated in equivalent non– 
EEA countries.EN  L 120/1548 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023