 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0020  Short description of SCR 
risk measure used for 
Premium risk  Describe the way in which the Internal Model SCR risk measure for Premium risk is 
derived (e.g. from the ‘economic’ Profit and Loss distribution). 
Use as reference point the metric defined for the SCR in Article 101 of the Solvency II 
Directive and go through all aspects where your approach may differ (e.g. deviations 
from the VaR 1/200, the 1-year time horizon of risk, risk as deviation from the 
expected result, etc.). 
If the approved Internal Model risk measure complies with the risk measure as defined 
by Article 101 of the Solvency II Directive please confirm by inserting ‘Internal Model 
risk measure as defined in Article 101 of the Solvency II directive’.  
C0010/R0030  Is SCR risk measure for 
Reserve risk centred?  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes – Risk Capital includes a deviation from the expected result (centred risk). Please 
describe in code C0010/R0040. 
No – Risk Capital includes a deviation from zero (Non-centred risk). Please describe in 
code C0010/R0040. 
Other – Please describe in code C0010/R0040.  
C0010/R0040  Short description of SCR 
risk measure used for 
Reserve risk  Describe the way the in which Internal Model the SCR risk measure for Reserve risk is 
derived (e.g. from the economic Profit and Loss distribution). 
Use as reference point the standard metric used for the SCR under Solvency II Directive 
Section 4 Subsection 1 & 2 (Focus in particular on Article 101, 104, 105, 108) under 
Solvency II and go through all aspects where your approach may differ (e.g. deviations 
from the VaR 1/200, the 1-year time horizon of risk, risk as deviation from the 
expected result, going concern, etc.). 
If the approved Internal Model risk measure complies with all assumptions of Section 4 
Subsection 2 please confirm by inserting ‘Internal Model risk measure in line with 
Standard Formula risk measure definition’  
C0010/R0050  Is SCR risk measure for 
Catastrophe risk centred?  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes – Risk Capital includes a deviation from the expected result (centred risk). Please 
describe in code C0010/R0060. 
No – Risk Capital includes a deviation from zero (Non-centred risk). Please describe in 
code C0010/R0060. 
Other – Please describe in code C0010/R0060.EN  L 120/1454 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023