 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0220/C0100  Consolidated Group SCR  Amount of the Solvency Capital Requirement for undertakings under method 1 as 
defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC. 
It shall include all components of the consolidated group SCR; SCR calculated on the 
basis of consolidated data (R0200), including capital add-ons (R0210), and including 
capital requirements of undertakings from other financial sectors (R0500), capital 
requirement for non-controlled participation requirements (R0540), capital 
requirement for residual undertakings (R0550) and capital requirements for collective 
investment undertakings or investments packaged as funds (R0555).  
Other information 
on SCR  
R0400/C0100  Capital requirement for 
duration–based equity 
risk sub–module  Amount of the capital requirement for duration–based equity risk sub–module.  
R0410/C0100  Total amount of notional 
Solvency Capital 
Requirements for 
remaining part  Amount of the notional SCRs of remaining part when group has RFF.  
R0420/C0100  Total amount of notional 
Solvency Capital 
Requirements for ring– 
fenced funds  Amount of the sum of notional SCRs of all ring-fenced funds when group has RFF 
(other than those related to business operated in accordance with Article 4 of 
Directive 2003/41/EC (transitional)).  
R0430/C0100  Total amount of 
Notional Solvency 
Capital Requirements for 
matching adjustment 
portfolios  Amount of the sum of notional SCRs of all matching adjustment portfolios.  
R0440/C0100  Diversification effects due 
to RFF nSCR aggregation 
for Article 304  Amount of the adjustment for a diversification effect between ring–fenced funds 
under Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC and the remaining part where applic ­
able.  
R0450/C0100  Method used to calculate 
the adjustment due to 
RFF/MAP nSCR aggre ­
gation  Method used to calculate the adjustment due to RFF nSCR aggregation. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Full recalculation 
2 – Simplification at risk sub–module level 
3 – Simplification at risk module level 
4 – No adjustment 
When the group has no RFF (or have only RFF under Article 304 of Directive 
2009/138/EC) it shall select option 4.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1333