 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7) 
of Directive 2009/138/EC, to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard 
formula. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reporting  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other 
templates.  
R0010–R0050/ 
C0030  Net solvency capital 
requirement  Amount of the net capital charge for each risk module, as calculated using the 
standard formula. 
The difference between the net and the gross SCR is the consideration of the 
future discretionary benefits in accordance with Article 205 of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35. 
This amount shall fully consider diversification effects in accordance with 
Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC where applicable. 
These cells do not include the allocation of the adjustment due to the aggregation 
of the nSCR of the RFF/MAP at entity level. These figures represent the SCR as if 
there was no loss of diversification.  
R0010–R0050/ 
C0040  Gross solvency capital 
requirement  Amount of the gross capital charge for each risk module, as calculated using the 
standard formula. 
The difference between the net and the gross SCR is the consideration of the 
future discretionary benefits as laid down in Article 206 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35. 
This amount shall fully consider diversification effects as laid down in Article 304 
of Directive 2009/138/EC where applicable. 
These cells do not include the allocation of the adjustment due to the aggregation 
of the nSCR of the RFF/MAP at entity level. These figures represent the SCR as if 
there was no loss of diversification.  
R0010–R0050/ 
C0050  Allocation of RFF adjustment 
due to RFF and Matching 
adjustments portfolios  Part of the adjustment allocated to each risk module according to the procedure 
described in the general comments. This amount shall be positive.EN  L 120/866 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023