 
C0010/R0340  SCR before risk miti ­
gation – Diversification 
between sub–modules  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different Health catastrophe risk sub–modules.  
C0020/R0300  Total risk mitigation – 
Health catastrophe risk  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles arising from all Health catastrophe risk sub–modules 
and taking into consideration the diversification effect between the sub–modules 
given in C0020/R0340.  
C0020/R0310 – 
R0330  Total risk mitigation – 
Health catastrophe risk 
sub–modules  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles per Health catastrophe risk sub–module.  
C0020/R0340  Total risk mitigation – 
Diversification between 
sub–modules  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the risk mitigation effect of 
the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to 
different Health catastrophe risk sub–modules.  
C0030/R0300  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Health catastrophe risk  This is the total catastrophe risk after risk mitigation arising from all Health 
catastrophe risk sub–modules and taking into consideration the diversification 
effect between the sub–modules given in C0030/R0340.  
C0030/R0310 – 
R0330  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Health catastrophe risk 
sub–modules  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation per Health catastrophe 
risk sub–module, taking into consideration the diversification effect between coun ­
tries. 
Per Health catastrophe risk sub–module this amount is equal to the Catastrophe 
Risk Charge after risk mitigation.  
C0030/R0340  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Diversification between 
sub–modules  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different Health catastrophe risk sub–modules.  
Non–life catastrophe 
risk  
Natural catastrophe 
risk – WindstormEN  L 120/1486 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023