 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0280  Amount on which interest rate 
is guaranteed  Monetary amount to which the guaranteed interest rate reported in C0260 need 
to be applied. Amount is to be reported as the monetary value at the reference 
date. 
Not applicable for annuities stemming from non-life contracts.  
Characteristics of product  
C0101  Product classification  The following closed list shall be used: 
1. single life 
2. joint life 
3. collective 
4. other 
If more than one characteristic is applicable use ‘4 – other’. 
For annuities stemming from non–life use ‘4 – other’.  
C0102  Pension entitlements  Specify if the product category is a pension entitlement. The following closed list 
shall be used: 
1. Yes 
2. No 
When assessing if a product should be classified as pension entitlement under 
template S.14 the following should be considered: 
— If product is a pension product based on national regulation/law. For this the 
‘Database of pension plans and products in the EEA’ published at EIOPA 
website might be considered (with the caveats referred to on the website); 
— If a product (e.g. a unit-linked product) accumulates money for retirement 
using a tax advantage related to pensions; 
— If the future payments are explicitly linked to the retirement itself; 
— If the product complies with all features identified but also includes some very 
exceptional situations where the money could be surrendered like long 
unemployment or serious illness, it should continue to be considered as a 
pension entitlement. 
The following should not influence the decision: 
— If the product substitutes or is additional to the social security system in place; 
— If the product is compulsory (usually if substitute) or not compulsory (usually 
if additional); 
— If the payment in future is to be done through annuities or through a lump 
sum, as long as the payment is at retirement age.  
C0110  Type of product  General qualitative description of the product type. If a product code is attributed 
by the competent authority for supervisory purposes, the description of product 
type for that code shall be used.  
C0120  Product denomination  Commercial name of product (undertaking –specific).EN  L 120/736 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023