 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0710  Ring-fenced funds/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Adjustment for restricted own 
fund items in respect of 
matching adjustment port ­
folios and ring-fenced funds  This is the deduction for each ring–fenced fund/matching adjustment portfolio in 
accordance with Article 81 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
RFF/matching adjustment portfolios deduction  
C0970/R0010  Ring-fenced funds/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Adjustment for restricted own 
fund items in respect of 
matching adjustment port ­
folios and ring-fenced funds  This is the total deduction for ring–fenced funds and matching adjustment port ­
folios reported in C0710.  
S.24.01 – Participations held  
General Comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Table 1 – Participations in related undertakings that are financial and credit institutions which individually exceed 10 % of i tems included in (a) 
(i), (ii), (iv) and (vi) of Article 69, not including consolidated strategic participations for the purpose of deductions under  Article 68(1) of the 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35  
C0010  Name of related undertaking  This is the name of the related undertaking in which the participation is held. 
These are participations in financial and credit institutions which individually 
exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i), (ii), iv) and (vi), of Article 69 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. This does not include consolidated strategic 
participations.  
C0020  Asset ID Code  Asset ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available. 
This code must be unique and kept consistent over time. 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies, it is necessary to specify the Asset ID code and the 
ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, as in the following example: ‘code 
+ EUR’  
C0030  Asset ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Asset ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO 6166 for ISIN code 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies)EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/849