 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0030  Total of business written by 
the undertakings – Premiums 
earned (gross)  The sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision for 
unearned premiums.  
C0010/R0040  Total of business written by 
the undertakings – Claims 
incurred (gross)  Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in Directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: the claims incurred means the sum of the claims paid and the change 
in the provision for claims during the financial year related to insurance contracts. 
The figure for claims incurred shall exclude claims management expenses and the 
movement in provisions in claims management expenses.  
C0010/R0050  Total of business written by 
the undertakings – Expenses 
incurred (gross)  All technical expenses incurred by the undertaking during the reporting period, on 
accrual basis.  
Activity by country – location of risk  
R0010  Country  ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the country in which the risk is situated  
C0020/R0020  Total by country – Premiums 
written (gross)  Gross premiums written for the business where the risk is located in the country 
reported in R0010. 
Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the financial year 
in respect of insurance contracts, regardless of the fact that such amounts may 
relate in whole or in part to a later financial year. 
Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the 
written premiums.  
C0020/R0030  Total by country – Premiums 
earned (gross)  Gross premiums earned for the business where the risk is located in the country 
reported in R0010. 
It is the sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision 
for unearned premiums.  
C0020/R0040  Total by country – Claims 
incurred (gross)  Gross claims incurred for the business where the risk is located in the country 
reported in R0010. 
Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in Directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: the claims incurred means the sum of the claims paid and the change 
in the provision for claims during the financial year related to insurance contracts. 
The figure for claims incurred shall exclude claims management expenses and the 
movement in provisions in claims management expenses.  
C0020/R0050  Total by country – Expenses 
incurred (gross)  Gross expenses incurred for the business where the risk is located in the country 
reported in R0010. 
All technical expenses incurred by the undertaking during the reporting period, on 
accrual basis.EN  L 120/650 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023