 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0020  Exceptional elements 
triggering restating of 
opening Best Estimate  Amount of adjustment to opening Best Estimate due to elements, other than 
changes in perimeter that led to restate the opening BE. 
Shall essentially concern changes in models (in case models are used) for 
correction of the model and other modifications. It shall not concern changes 
in assumptions. 
These cells are expected to be mostly applicable for Life business.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0030  Changes in perimeter  Amount of adjustment to opening Best Estimate related to changes in perimeter 
of the portfolio like sales of (part of) portfolio and purchases. This could also 
concern changes of perimeter due to liabilities evolving to annuities stemming 
from Non–Life obligations (triggering some changes from Non–Life to Life).  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0040  Foreign exchange vari ­
ation  Amount of adjustment to opening Best Estimate related to foreign exchange 
variation during the period. 
In this case the foreign exchange variation is actually meant to be applied to 
contracts which are taken out in currencies different from the balance sheet 
currency. For the calculation, the cash–flows of these contracts contained in the 
opening Best Estimate are simply converted due to the exchange variation. 
This item does not address the impact on the cash–flows of the insurance 
portfolio induced by re–valuation of year N–1 assets due to foreign exchange 
variation during year N.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0050  Best Estimate on risks 
accepted during the 
period  It represents present expected future cash flows (gross of reinsurance) included in 
Best Estimate and related to risks accepted during the period. 
This shall be considered at the closing date (and not at the actual date of inception 
of the risks), i.e. this shall form part of the Best Estimate at closing date. 
The scope of cash flows refers to Article 77 of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0060  Variation of Best 
Estimate due to 
unwinding of discount 
rate – risks accepted 
prior to period  The variation of Best Estimate captured here shall only relate to the unwinding of 
discount rates, and does not take into account other parameters such as changes 
in assumptions or discount rates, experience adjustment, etc. 
The concept of unwinding may be illustrated as follows: Calculate the Best 
Estimate of year N–1 again but using the shifted interest rate term structure 
In order to isolate this strict scope of variation, the calculation may be as follows: 
— Consider Opening Best Estimate including the adjustment to opening Best 
Estimate (cells C0010/R0010 to R0040); 
— Based on this figure, run the calculation of the unwinding of discount rates.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0070  Variation of Best 
Estimate due to year N 
projected in and out 
flows – risks accepted 
prior to period  Premiums, claims, and surrenders that were forecasted on the Opening Best 
Estimate as to be paid during the year, will not be in the closing Best Estimate 
anymore as they would have been paid/received during the year. A neutralisation 
adjustment shall be performed. 
In order to isolate this adjustment, the calculation may be as follows:EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1051