 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0260  Other loans and mortgages  Financial assets created when creditors lend funds to debtors – others, not clas ­
sifiable in item R0240 or R0250, with collateral or not, including cash pools. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split 
between loans on policies, loans and mortgages to individuals and other loans 
and mortgages is not available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0270  Reinsurance recoverables from:  This is the total amount of reinsurance recoverables. It corresponds to the amount 
of reinsurer share of technical provisions (including Finite reinsurance and SPV). 
For the ‘Solvency II value’ column (C0010) this cell in particular shall include all 
expected payments from reinsurers to the undertaking (or vice versa) 
corresponding to payments not yet made by the undertaking to policyholders 
(or by policyholders to the undertaking). All expected payments from reinsurers to 
the undertaking (or vice versa) corresponding to payments already made by the 
undertaking to policyholders (or by policyholders to the undertaking) shall be 
included in reinsurance receivables (or reinsurance payables).  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0280  Non–life and health similar to 
non–life  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for non–life and health 
similar to non–life. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split 
between non–life excluding health and health similar to non–life is not 
available this item shall reflect the sum.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0290  Non–life excluding health  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for non–life business, 
excluding technical provisions for health– similar to non –life  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0300  Health similar to non–life  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for health similar to 
non – life.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0310  Life and health similar to life, 
excluding health and index– 
linked and unit–linked  Reinsurance recoverable in respect of technical provisions for life and health 
similar to life, excluding health and index–linked and unit–linked 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split 
between life excluding health and index–linked and unit–linked and health 
similar to life is not available, this item shall reflect the sum.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0320  Health similar to life  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for health–similar to 
life.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0330  Life excluding health and 
index–linked and unit–linked  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for life business, 
excluding technical provisions health–similar to life techniques and technical 
provisions for index–linked and unit–linked.EN  L 120/624 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023