 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090/R0080  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR–Tier 3  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 due to the 
application of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the 
volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 calculated 
considering the technical provisions without matching adjustment and without all the 
other transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 calculated 
with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0080  Impact of all LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Eligible own 
funds to meet SCR–Tier 3  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 3 due to the 
application of the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0090  Amount with LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – SCR  Total amount of SCR calculated considering technical provisions including the 
adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures and transitional measures  
C0020/R0090  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
SCR  Total amount of SCR calculated considering technical provisions without the 
adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, but keeping the 
adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0090  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
SCR  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the transitional 
deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the SCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without transitional deduction to technical provisions and the SCR 
calculated with the technical provisions with LTG and transitional measures.  
C0040/R0090  Without transitional on 
interest rate – SCR  Total amount of SCR calculated considering technical provisions without the 
adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the 
matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is not 
applicable report the same amount as in C0020.  
C0050/R0090  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – SCR  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the transitional 
adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the SCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term 
structure and the SCR calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0020.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1257