EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1593
 First 2 positions – Assets listed in  Definition  
Third and fourth position – Category  Definition  
87  Loans to AMSB members  Loans made to AMSB members. This class shall prevail over the ones above.  
88  Loans to other natural persons  Loans made to other natural persons. This class shall prevail over the ones above.  
89  Other  Other mortgages and loans, not classified under the above categories.  
9 Property  Buildings, land, other constructions that are immovable and equipment.  
91  Property (office and commer ­
cial)  Office and commercial building used for investment  
92  Property (residential)  Residential buildings used for investment  
93  Property (for own use)  Real estate for the own use of the undertaking  
94  Property (under construction for 
investment)  Real estate that is under construction, for future usage as investment  
95  Plant and equipment (for own 
use)  Plant and equipment for the own use of the undertaking  
96  Property (under construction for 
own use)  Real estate that is under construction, for future own usage.  
99  Other  Other property, not classified under the above categories.  
0 Other investments  Other assets reported in ‘Other investments’.  
09  Other investments  Other assets reported in ‘Other investments’.  
A Futures  Standardised contract between two parties to buy or sell a specified asset of standardised quantity and quality at a specified  future date 
at a price agreed today.  
A1  Equity and index futures  Futures with equity or stock exchange indices as underlying  
A2  Interest rate futures  Futures with bonds or other interest rate dependent security as underlying  
A3  Currency futures  Futures with currencies or other currencies dependent security as underlying