 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
35 – Health reinsurance 
36 – Life reinsurance 
37 – Multiline (as defined hereunder) 
Where the reinsurance treaty or a similar arrangement provides cover for more than 
one line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, and 
the terms of cover differ between lines of business then the treaty needs to be specified 
over multiple rows. The first row entry for the treaty needs to be entered as ‘Multiline’ 
that provides details of the overall terms of the treaty, with the subsequent rows 
providing details of the individual terms of the reinsurance treaty to each relevant 
line of business. Where the term of the cover do not differ by line of business only 
the dominant line of business is required.  
C0070  Type of Trigger(s) in the 
SPV  Identify the trigger mechanisms used by the SPV as trigger events that would oblige the 
SPV to make payment to the ceding (re)insurance undertaking within the scope of 
group supervision. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Indemnity 
2 – Model Loss 
3 – Index or Parametric 
4 – Hybrids (including components from the above–mentioned techniques) 
5 – Other  
C0080  Contractual Trigger Event  Description of the specific trigger that would oblige the SPV to make payment to the 
ceding (re)insurance undertaking within the scope of group supervision. This 
information should be complementary to the information on ‘Type of Trigger(s) in 
the SPV’ and should be descriptive enough to allow supervisors to identify the 
concrete trigger, e.g. specific weather/storm indices for cat risks or general mortality 
tables for longevity risks.  
C0090  Same trigger as in 
underlying cedant’s port ­
folio  Identify if the trigger defined in the underlying (re)insurance policy with the pay–out 
trigger defined in the treaty is the same as the one defined in the SPV. The following 
closed list shall be used: 
1 – Same trigger 
2 – Different trigger  
C0100  Basis risk arising from 
risk–transfer structure  Identify the causes of basis risk (i.e. that the exposure covered by the risk–mitigation 
technique does not correspond to the risk exposure of the insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking within the scope of group supervision). The following closed list shall be 
used: 
1 – No basis risk 
2 – Insufficient subordination for note holders, 
3 – Investors’ additional recourse against cedant,EN  L 120/1528 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023