 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other 
templates.  
R0100/C0020  Life gross technical provisions 
(excluding risk margin) (other 
than unit-linked or index- 
linked)  This is technical provisions for life insurance obligations, excluding unit-linked. 
For these purposes, technical provisions shall not include the risk margin, and 
shall be without deduction of recoverables from reinsurance contracts and special 
purpose vehicles.  
R0110/C0020  Life gross technical provisions 
unit–linked (excluding risk 
margin)  This is technical provisions for life insurance obligations where the investment 
risk is borne by the policyholders. For these purposes, technical provisions shall 
not include the risk margin, and shall be without deduction of recoverables from 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles.  
R0120/C0020  Non–life gross technical 
provisions (excluding risk 
margin)  This is technical provisions for non–life insurance obligations. For these purposes, 
technical provisions shall not include the risk margin, and shall be without 
deduction of recoverables from reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles.  
R0130/C0020  Capital requirement for oper ­
ational risk based on technical 
provisions  This is the capital requirement for operational risk based on technical provisions.  
R0200/C0020  Earned life gross premiums 
(previous 12 months) (other 
than unit-linked or index- 
linked)  Premium earned during the previous 12 months for life insurance obligations, 
excluding unit-linked without deducting premium ceded to reinsurance.  
R0210/C0020  Earned life gross premiums 
unit–linked (previous 12 
months)  Premium earned during the previous 12 months for life insurance obligations 
where the investment risk is borne by the policyholders without deducting 
premium ceded to reinsurance.  
R0220/C0020  Earned non–life gross 
premiums (previous 12 
months)  Premium earned during the previous 12 months for non–life insurance 
obligations, without deducting premiums ceded to reinsurance.  
R0230/C0020  Earned life gross premiums 
(12 months prior to the 
previous 12 months) (other 
than unit-linked or index- 
linked)  Premium earned during the 12 months prior to the previous 12 months for life 
insurance obligations, excluding unit-linked without deducting premium ceded to 
reinsurance.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/933