 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Per natural peril this amount is equal to the Catastrophe Risk Charge after risk 
mitigation.  
C0030/R0070  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Diversification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different natural catastrophe perils.  
C0010/R0080  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Catastrophe risk non–propor ­
tional property reinsurance  This is the total catastrophe risk before risk mitigation arising from non–propor ­
tional property reinsurance.  
C0020/R0080  Total risk mitigation – Catas ­
trophe risk non–proportional 
property reinsurance  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles for non–proportional property reinsurance.  
C0030/R0080  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Catastrophe risk non–propor ­
tional property reinsurance  This is the total catastrophe risk after risk mitigation arising from non–propor ­
tional property reinsurance.  
C0010/R0090  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Man–made catastrophe risk  This is the total catastrophe risk before risk mitigation arising from all man–made 
perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect between the perils 
given in C0010/R0160.  
C0010/R0100 – 
R0150  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Man–made catastrophe risk 
perils  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation per man–made peril, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect between sub–perils. 
Per man–made peril this amount is equal to the Catastrophe Risk Charge before 
risk mitigation.  
C0010/R0160  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Diversification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different man–made perils.  
C0020/R0090  Total risk mitigation – Man– 
made catastrophe risk  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles arising from all man–made perils and 
taking into consideration the diversification effect between the perils given in 
C0020/R0160.  
C0020/R0100 – 
R0150  Total risk mitigation – Man– 
made catastrophe risk perils  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles per man–made catastrophe peril.  
C0020/R0160  Total risk mitigation – Diver ­
sification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the risk mitigation effect of 
the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to different man–made perils.EN  L 120/992 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023