 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0170  Accounting standard  Identification of the accounting standard used for reporting items in cells C0100 
to C0160. All items shall be reported consistently on the same accounting 
standard. The following closed list of options shall be used: 
1 – IFRS 
2 – Local GAAP  
Criteria of influence  
C0180  % capital share  Proportion of the subscribed capital that is held, directly or indirectly, by the 
participating undertaking in the related undertaking (as referred to in Article 221 
of Directive 2009/138/EC). 
This cell is not applicable for the ultimate parent undertaking.  
C0190  % used for establishment 
of consolidated accounts  Percentage as defined by IFRS or local GAAP for the integration of consolidated 
undertakings into the consolidation which may differ from item C0180. For full 
integration, minority interests shall also be reported in this item. 
This cell is not applicable for the ultimate parent undertaking.  
C0200  % voting rights  Proportion of voting rights that is held, directly or indirectly, by the participating 
undertaking in the related undertaking 
This cell is not applicable for the ultimate parent undertaking.  
C0210  Other criteria  Other criteria useful to assess the level of influence exercised by the participating 
undertaking, e.g. relationship referred to in art 22(7) of Directive 2013/34/EU, 
centralised risk management. 
This cell is not applicable for the ultimate parent undertaking.  
C0220  Level of influence  Influence can be either dominant or significant, depending on criteria mentioned 
above; the group is responsible for assessing the level of influence exercised by the 
participating undertaking over any undertaking but as stated in Article 212(2) of 
Directive 2009/138/EC the group supervisor may have a differing view from the 
group’s assessment and if so the group shall take into account any decision made 
by the group supervisor. 
This cell is not applicable for the ultimate parent undertaking. 
The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Dominant 
2 – SignificantEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1537