 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0330/C0070  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 3 – issued  This is the amount of tier 3 subordinated mutual member accounts issued 
over the reporting period.  
R0330/C0080  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 3 – redeemed  This is the amount of tier 3 subordinated mutual member accounts 
redeemed over the reporting period.  
R0330/C0090  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 3 – movements in 
valuation  This is the amount reflecting movement in valuation tier 3 subordinated 
mutual member accounts over the reporting period.  
R0330/C0100  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 3 – regulatory 
action  This is the amount reflecting an increase/decrease in tier 3 subordinated 
mutual member accounts due to regulatory action over the reporting 
period.  
R0330/C0060  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 3 – balance 
carried forward  This is the balance of tier 3 subordinated mutual member accounts 
carried forward to the next reporting period.  
R0400/C0010  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts — balance 
brought forward  This is the total balance of subordinated mutual member accounts 
brought forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0400/C0070  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts – issued  This is the total amount of subordinated mutual member accounts issued 
over the reporting period.  
R0400/C0080  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts – redeemed  This is the total amount of subordinated mutual member accounts 
redeemed over the reporting period.  
R0400/C0090  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts– movements in 
valuation  This is the amount reflecting the total movement in valuation 
subordinated mutual member accounts over the reporting period.  
R0400/C0100  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts – regulatory 
action  This is the amount reflecting the total increase/decrease in subordinated 
mutual member accounts due to regulatory action over the reporting 
period.  
R0400/C0060  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts – balance 
carried forward  This is the total balance of subordinated mutual member accounts carried 
forward to the next reporting period.  
Surplus funds  
R0500/C0010  Surplus funds –Balance brought 
forward  This is the balance of surplus funds brought forward from the previous 
reporting period.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1305