 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0482/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
spread risk – securiti ­
sation positions – transi ­
tional type 1 securiti ­
sation  This is the gross capital charge for spread risk on transitional type 1 securitisation 
positions, i.e. before the application of the adjustment for the loss-absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions. 
This value shall only be reported where the split between R0461 to R0483 can be 
derived from the method used for the calculation. Where the split is not possible, 
only R0450 shall be filled in.  
R0483/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
spread risk – securiti ­
sation positions – guar ­
anteed STS securitisation  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on guaranteed 
STS securitisation positions. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0483/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– spread risk – securiti ­
sation positions – guar ­
anteed STS securitisation  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on guar ­
anteed STS securitisation positions. 
This value shall only be reported where the split between R0461 to R0483 can be 
derived from the method used for the calculation. Where the split is not possible, 
only R0450 shall be filled in. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0483/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – spread 
risk – securitisation 
positions – guaranteed 
STS securitisation  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on guaranteed 
STS securitisation positions, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0483/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss-absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – spread risk 
– securitisation positions 
– guaranteed STS secu ­
ritisation  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on guar ­
anteed STS securitisation positions, after the shock and after application of the 
adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
This value shall only be reported where the split between R0461 to R0483 can be 
derived from the method used for the calculation. Where the split is not possible, 
only R0450 shall be filled in. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1367