 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C2000 to 
C2140/R0730  Expected inflation rate – total  In the case of use of run–off techniques that explicitly take into account inflation 
in order to adjust data report by year, and for the 15 years, expected inflation rate 
used to adjusted historical paid losses triangles.  
C2000 to 
C2140/R0740  Expected inflation rate – 
external inflation  In the case of use of run–off techniques that explicitly take into account inflation 
in order to adjust data report, by year, and for the 15 years, expected external 
inflation: which is the ‘economic’ or ‘general’ inflation, i.e. the increase of the price 
of goods and services in a specific economy (e.g. Consumer Price Index, Producer 
Price Index, etc.  
C2000 to 
C2140/R0750  Expected inflation rate – 
endogenous inflation  In the case of use of run–off techniques that explicitly take into account inflation 
in order to adjust data report, by year, and for the 15 years, expected endogenous 
inflation: which is an increase of claim costs specific of the line of business, as 
defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, under consideration.  
C2200/R0760  Description of inflation rate 
used  In the case of use of run–off techniques that explicitly take into account inflation 
in order to adjust data report narrative description of inflation rate used.  
S.20.01 – Development of the distribution of the claims incurred  
General comments:  
This section provides an overview about the run–off/movement of non–life claims portfolios, in terms of both claims 
paid (split by different type of claims) and RBNS claims (as defined in S.19.01).  
RBNS claims shall be reported undiscounted.  
This template must be filled for each material non-life line of Business for direct business, as defined in Annex I to 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, representing a coverage of 90 % of the non-life technical provisions. Line of 
business should be selected using a decreasing order of technical provisions.  
The negative technical provisions at the level of the line of business shall be considered with absolute value for the 
purpose of the calculation of the materiality of the above thresholds.  
With regard to the number of claims to be reported, undertakings will use their specific definition or, if available, 
specification existing at national level (for instance requirement laid down by the National Supervisory Authority). 
However, each claim shall be reported once by Line of Business. If any claim is closed and reopened during the year, it 
shall not be reported in the column ‘Reopen Claims during the year’ but it shall be reported in relevant column 
regarding ‘Open Claims at the beginning of the year’ or ‘Claims reported during the year’.  
Undertakings are required to report data on accident year or underwriting year basis, in accordance with any 
requirements of the National Supervisory Authority. If the National Supervisory Authority has not stipulated which 
to use then the undertaking may use accident or underwriting year according to how they manage each line of business, 
as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, provided that they use the same year consistently, year on 
year.  
As per the number of years to be reported, the same reporting requirement introduced in S.19.01 applies.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Line of business  Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Medical expense insurance 
2 – Income protection insurance 
3 – Workers’ compensation insuranceEN  L 120/770 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023