 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), the 
issuer name is the name of the depositary entity 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when relating to mortgage and 
loans to natural persons, this item shall contain ‘Loans to AMSB members’ or ‘Loans 
to other natural persons’, according to its nature, as those assets are not required to 
be individualised; 
— Regarding CIC 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than mortgage and loans to natural 
persons the information shall relate to the borrower; 
This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and CIC category 9 – Property.  
C0170  Issuer Code  Identification code of the issuer code using the LEI if available. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer code is 
the code of the fund manager; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), the 
issuer code is the code of the depositary entity 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than mortgage and loans 
to natural persons the information shall relate to the borrower; 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and CIC category 9 – Property; 
This item is not applicable to CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when relating to 
mortgage and loans to natural persons.  
C0180  Type of issuer code  Identification of the code used for the ‘Issuer Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
9 – None 
This item is not applicable to CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when relating to 
mortgage and loans to natural persons. 
This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and CIC category 9 – Property.  
C0190  Issuer Sector  Identify the economic sector of issuer based on the latest version of NACE code (as 
published in an EC Regulation). For NACE sections A to N full four-digit reporting of 
the NACE codes is required, i.e. the letter identifying the Section followed by the 
4 digits code for the class shall be used (e.g. ‘K6411’). For the remaining sections the 
letter reference of the NACE code identifying the Section shall be used as a minimum 
for identifying sectors (e.g. ‘P’ or ‘P8501’ would be acceptable)EN  L 120/1240 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023