 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0330/C0060  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts –Tier 3 – balance 
carried forward  This is the balance of tier 3 subordinated mutual member accounts carried 
forward to the next reporting period.  
R0400/C0010  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts — balance 
brought forward  This is the total balance of subordinated mutual member accounts brought 
forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0400/C0070  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts – issued  This is the total amount of subordinated mutual member accounts issued over the 
reporting period.  
R0400/C0080  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts – redeemed  This is the total amount of subordinated mutual member accounts redeemed over 
the reporting period.  
R0400/C0090  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts– movements 
in valuation  This is the amount reflecting the total movement in valuation subordinated 
mutual member accounts over the reporting period.  
R0400/C0100  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts – regulatory 
action  This is the amount reflecting the total increase/decrease in subordinated mutual 
member accounts due to regulatory action over the reporting period.  
R0400/C0060  Total subordinated mutual 
member accounts – balance 
carried forward  This is the total balance of subordinated mutual member accounts carried forward 
to the next reporting period.  
Surplus funds  
R0500/C0010  Surplus funds –Balance 
brought forward  This is the balance of surplus funds brought forward from the previous reporting 
period.  
R0500/C0060  Surplus funds –Balance carried 
forward  This is the balance of surplus funds carried forward to the next reporting period.  
Preference shares 
– movements in 
the reporting 
period  
R0510/C0010  Preference shares – Tier 1 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of Tier 1 preference shares brought forward from the previous 
reporting period.  
R0510/C0020  Preference shares – Tier 1 – 
increase  This is the increase in Tier 1 preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0510/C0030  Preference shares – Tier 1 – 
reduction  This is the reduction in Tier 1 preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0510/C0060  Preference shares – Tier 1 – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 1 preference shares carried forward to the next 
reporting period.  
R0520/C0010  Preference shares –Tier 2 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of Tier 2 preference shares brought forward from the previous 
reporting period.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/835