 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010 to 
C0160/R1100  Overhead expenses – Net  Overhead expenses include salaries to general managers, auditing costs and regular day– 
to–day costs i.e. electricity bill, rent for accommodations, IT costs. These overhead 
expenses also include expenses related to the development of new insurance and 
reinsurance business, advertising insurance products, improvement of the internal 
processes such as investment in system required to support insurance and reinsurance 
business (e.g. buying new IT system and developing new software). 
The net overhead expenses represent the sum of the direct business and the accepted 
reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings.  
C0200/R0110 – 
R1100  Total  Total for different items for all Lines of Business.  
C0200/R1210  Balance – other technical 
expenses/income  Net technical expenses/income not covered by above mentioned expenses/income and 
reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings. Other technical expenses/ 
income shall not be split by lines of business. 
Shall not include change in other technical provisions and non–technical expenses/ 
income such as tax, interest expenses, losses on disposals, etc. 
The amount of net technical expenses/income shall be reported negative if the amount 
of technical income is larger than the amount of technical expenses.  
C0200/R1300  Total expenses  Amount of all technical expenses  
Life insurance and reinsurance obligations  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1410  Premiums written – 
Gross  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the reporting period in 
respect of insurance contracts, arising from gross business, regardless of the fact that 
such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later reporting period. Amount of 
taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums. 
It includes both direct and reinsurance business.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1420  Premiums written – 
Reinsurers’ share  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts ceded to reinsurers due during the 
reporting period in respect of insurance contracts regardless of the fact that such 
amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later reporting period. Amount of taxes 
or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1500  Premiums written – net  The net premiums written represent the sum of the direct business and the accepted 
reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1510  Premiums earned – Gross  The sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision for 
unearned premiums related to direct insurance and reinsurance accepted business. 
Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums should be excluded from the 
written premiums.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1520  Premiums earned – 
reinsurers’ share  The reinsurer’s share in gross premiums written minus the change in the reinsurer’s 
share in provision for unearned premiums. Amount of taxes or charges levied with 
premiums shall be excluded from the written premiums.EN  L 120/1172 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023