 
This template collects information on Non-Life and Health NSLT underwriting risk in the following different risk 
granularities gross and net of reinsurance:  
— Premium and Reserve Risk: Premium and Reserve Risk data including Cat.  
— Catastrophe Risk (Cat): Catastrophe Risk data.  
— Premium & Reserve Risk (Excluding explicit Cat): Premium and Reserve Risk data excluding explicit Cat.  
— Premium Risk: The premium risk distribution should be such that its mean reflects an expected profit or loss 
including the movement of Premium Provisions over the year. Results should exclude Cat.  
— Reserve Risk: The Reserve Risk distribution should be such that its mean is approximately zero, as there is no 
expected profit in a Best Estimate. Results should exclude Cat.  
— Within Premium and Reserve Risk the following two segmentations are requested:  
— Solvency 2 Lines of Business (S2LoB): As defined in Annex II of the Delegated Regulation, based on lines of 
business (LoBs) defined in Annex I.  
— Internal Model Lines of Business (IntLoB): Is understood as the most granular level from the internal model direct 
outputs at which the probability distribution function of the losses and SCR are available. IntLoBs are expected 
to be used for internal reporting as well as the management of the capital positions by the undertaking. IntLoBs 
typically are close to the parameterisation level. They should enable an understanding of the internal model 
specific behaviour.  
In case of co-Insurance on direct business, for leading insurance undertakings the full proportion of business is 
understood to be reported as gross direct business, whereby the proportion shared with non-leading insurers is 
considered to be treated as outward reinsurance.  
Overall the following applies:  
— Monetary amounts of this template are discounted.  
— High percentiles represent adverse results for the undertaking since the underlying distribution is a loss distribution 
(i.e. 99.5 is used for the SCR calculation).  
— In general, it is expected that the requested figures are available at both granularities (internal or Solvency 2 LoBs) 
and consistently reported for each of these 2 granularities to the extent possible (means add up, etc.).  
— The word diversified is in this template used to differentiate between different levels of granularity (e.g. diversified 
reserve risk is the overall aggregated reserve risk in comparison to the sum of undiversified S2LoBs).  
Because there are different ways of modelling these risks, undertakings are not requested to change their internal model 
to be able to follow the structure of the codes. So, if undertakings model the catastrophe risk together with the risk of 
premiums and/or reserves, then they should not fill in section ‘Distribution of losses from catastrophe perils’. In 
addition, if undertakings obtain a specific distribution of premium and reserve risks for Health NSLT underwriting 
risk and a separate one for non-life underwriting risk without aggregating the two together, the information will be 
included in ‘Overall Health NSLT gross of reinsirance’ – ‘Overall Health NSLT net of reinsurance’ sections and ‘Overall 
Non-Life gross of reinsurance’ – ‘Overall Non-Life net of reinsurance’ sections respectively. Otherwise, ‘Overall Non-Life 
gross of reinsurance’ – ‘Overall Non-Life net of reinsurance’ sections should not be reported.  
The Occurrence Exceedance Probability (OEP) is the probability that the associated loss level will be exceeded by any 
event in any given year. It is used when the insurance program is written on an occurrence basis, or when the loss 
associated with one event is important.  
The Aggregate Exceedance Probability (AEP) is the probability that the associated loss level will be exceeded by the 
aggregated losses in any given year and is used when the insurance program is written on an aggregate basis.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/965