 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0660–C0700/ 
R2300  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine Platform Explosion –  
Type of cover  – before risk 
mitigation  This is the capital requirement before risk mitigation, per type of cover (Property 
damage, Removal of wreckage, Loss of production income, Capping of the well or 
making the well secure, Liability insurance and reinsurance obligations), for risks 
arising from Marine Platform Explosion. 
The maximum relates to all oil and gas offshore platforms insured by the 
insurance or reinsurance undertaking in respect of platform explosion in lines 
of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35: 
— Marine, aviation and transport, including proportional reinsurance obligations; 
and 
— Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance. 
The amount per type of cover is equal to the sum insured for the specific type of 
cover accepted by the insurance or reinsurance undertaking in relation to the 
selected platform.  
C0710/R2300  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine Platform Explosion 
before risk mitigation  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for risks arising from 
Marine Platform Explosion.  
C0720/R2300  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from Marine 
Platform Explosion, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0730/R2300  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums  The estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the undertaking’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from 
Marine Platform Explosion.  
C0740/R2300  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine Platform Explosion 
after risk mitigation  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the under ­
taking’s specific retrocession contracts and special purpose vehicles, relating to 
risks arising from Marine Platform Explosion.  
C0750/R2300  Name platform  Name of the corresponding platform.  
Number of 
vessels  
C0781/R2421  Number of vessels below the 
threshold of EUR 250k  This is the number of vessels below the threshold of EUR 250k  
Man–made 
catastrophe risk 
– Marine  
C0760/R2400  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine before risk mitigation – 
Total before diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation, before diversification 
effect between types of events, for marine risks.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1013