 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0120/C0130  Disability–morbidity risk 
– Capital at risk t+1  Capital at risk as defined in R0120/C0120 after 12 months.  
R0120/C0150  Disability–morbidity risk 
– Best estimate  Best estimate of obligations subject to disability–morbidity risk.  
R0120/C0160  Disability–morbidity risk 
– Average rate t+1  Average disability–morbidity rate during the following 12 months (t+1) weighted 
by sum insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0120/C0170  Disability–morbidity risk 
– Average rate t+2  Average disability–morbidity rate during the 12 months after the following 
12 months (t+2) weighted by sum insured for policies with a positive capital at 
risk.  
R0120/C0180  Disability–morbidity risk 
– Modified duration  Modified duration in years of all payments on disability–morbidity included in the 
best estimate for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0120/C0200  Disability–morbidity risk 
– Termination rates  Expected termination rates during the following 12 months (t+1) for policies with 
a positive capital at risk.  
R0130/C0140  Lapse risk (up) – 
Surrender strain  Sum of all positive surrender strains as defined in Article 95 of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0130/C0160  Lapse risk (up) – Average 
rate t+1  Average lapse rate for policies with positive surrender strains.  
R0130/C0190  Lapse risk (up) – Average 
run off period  Average period in years over which the policies with a positive surrender strain 
run off.  
R0140/C0140  Lapse risk (down) – 
Surrender strain  Sum of all negative surrender strains as defined in Article 95 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0140/C0160  Lapse risk (down) – 
Average rate t+1  Average lapse rate for policies with negative surrender strains.  
R0140/C0190  Lapse risk (down) – 
Average run off period  Average period in years over which the policies with a negative surrender strain 
run off.  
R0150/C0180  Life expense risk – 
Modified duration  Modified duration in years of the cash flows included in the best estimate of life 
insurance and reinsurance obligations.  
R0150/C0210  Life expense risk – 
Payments  Expenses paid related to life insurance and reinsurance during the last 12 months.EN  L 120/1416 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023