 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0061  Type of code of the issuer/ 
seller  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the issuer/seller’ item. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
NC0070  Financial sector of the issuer/ 
seller  If the issuer/seller is part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) of 
Directive 2002/87/EC, indicate: ‘banking sector’, ‘insurance and reinsurance sector’ 
‘investments services sector’. 
If the issuer/seller is not part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2 
(8) indicate: ‘other undertaking of the group’.  
NC0080  Indirect transactions  If reported intragroup transaction is part of an indirect transaction (cf. General 
comments supra), report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the related 
transaction in the cell. If more than two transactions are related, the ID code of 
the first related transaction needs to be reported as a reference to link all inter ­
connected transactions. 
If the reported intragroup transaction is not part of an indirect transaction, 
indicate No.  
NC0090  Single economic operation  If the reported intragroup transaction is part of single economic operation (cf. 
General comments supra), report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the 
related transaction in the cell. If more than two transactions are related, the ID 
code of the first related transaction needs to be reported as a reference to link all 
interconnected transactions. 
If the reported intragroup transaction is not part of single economic operation, 
indicate No.  
NC0100  ID Code of the instrument  This is the identification code of the instrument (capital, debt etc.) between the 
two counterparties identified using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available. 
This code shall be consistent over time. 
This may be different from the intragroup transaction code provided in cell 
C0010.  
NC0101  ID Code Type of the 
instrument  Type of ID Code used for the ‘ID Code of the instrument’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO 6166 for ISIN code 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn-Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities)EN  L 120/1102 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023