 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0414/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Spread risk – 
bonds and loans (qualifying 
infrastructure corporate 
investment)  This is the net capital charge for spread risk on bonds and loans that are qual ­
ifying infrastructure corporate investment, after adjustment for the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions. This value shall be reported only where the split 
between R0412, R0413 and R0414 could be derived from the method used for 
the calculation. When the split is not possible only R0410 shall be filled in. 
If R0012/C0010 = 1, this item shall not be reported.  
R0414/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Spread risk – 
bonds and loans (qualifying 
infrastructure corporate 
investment)  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on bonds 
and loans that are qualifying infrastructure corporate investment, after the shock 
but before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. This value shall be 
reported only where the split between R0412, R0413 and R0414 could be 
derived from the method used for the calculation. When the split is not 
possible only R0410 shall be filled in. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0414/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Spread risk – 
bonds and loans (qualifying 
infrastructure corporate 
investment)  This is the gross capital charge for spread risk on bonds and loans that are 
qualifying infrastructure corporate investment, i.e. before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions. This value shall be reported only where the 
split between R0412, R0413 and R0414 could be derived from the method 
used for the calculation. When the split is not possible only R0410 shall be 
filled in. 
If R0012/C0010 = 1, this item shall not be reported.  
R0420/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – spread risk – 
credit derivatives  This is the net capital charge for spread risk on credit derivatives, after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0420/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – spread risk – 
credit derivatives  This is the gross capital charge for spread risk on credit derivatives, i.e. before the 
loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0430–R0440/ 
C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – spread risk – 
credit derivatives – down ­
ward/upward shock on credit 
derivatives  This is the absolute value of assets sensitive to the downward/upward shock in 
respect to the spread risk on credit derivatives. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0430–R0440/ 
C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – spread 
risk – credit derivatives – 
downward/upward shock on 
credit derivatives  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the downward/upward 
shock in respect to spread risk on credit derivatives. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0430–R0440/ 
C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – spread risk – credit 
derivatives – downward/ 
upward shock on credit 
derivatives  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive the downward/upward shock for 
spread risk on credit derivatives, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.EN  L 120/890 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023