 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0660  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Number  Identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching adjustment portfolio. 
This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be consistent over time 
and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other templates.  
C0670  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Notional SCR  This is the notional SCR of each ring–fenced fund/each matching adjustment 
portfolio.  
C0680  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Notional SCR (negative results 
set to zero)  This is the notional SCR. When the value is negative zero shall be reported.  
C0690  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – Excess 
of assets over liabilities  This is the amount of excess of assets over liabilities of each ring–fenced fund/ 
matching adjustment portfolio. This value shall reflect any deduction of future 
transfers attributable to shareholders.  
C0700  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – Future 
transfers attributable to share ­
holders  Value of future transfers attributable to shareholders in accordance with 
Article 80(2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0710  Ring fenced funds/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Adjustment for restricted own 
fund items in respect of 
matching adjustment port ­
folios and ring-fenced funds  This is the deduction for each ring–fenced fund/matching adjustment portfolio in 
accordance with Article 81 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
RFF/matching adjustment portfolios deduction  
C0970/R0010  Ring fenced funds/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Adjustment for restricted own 
fund items in respect of 
matching adjustment port ­
folios and ring-fenced funds  This is the total deduction for ring–fenced funds and matching adjustment port ­
folios reported in C0710.  
Calculation of non available own funds at group level (such a calculation has to be done undertaking by undertaking)  
Non available own funds at group level – exceeding the contribution of solo SCR to group SCR  
C0720  Related (Re)insurance under ­
takings, Insurance Holding 
Company, Mixed Financial 
Holding Company, Ancillary 
services undertakings and SPV 
included in the scope of the 
group calculation  Name of undertakingEN  L 120/1322 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023