 
C0890/R2750  Earned premium 
following 12 months – 
Total  Total for all types of covers of premiums earned by the insurance or reinsurance 
group, during the following 12 months.  
C0900/R2700 – 
R2740  Largest liability limit 
provided –Type of cover  The largest liability limit, per type of cover, provided by the insurance or 
reinsurance group in liability risks.  
C0910/R2700 – 
R2740  Number of claims –Type 
of cover  The number of claims, per type of cover, which is equal to the lowest integer that 
exceeds the amount according to the provided formula.  
C0920/R2700 – 
R2740  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability before risk miti ­
gation –Type of cover  This is the capital requirement before risk mitigation, per type of cover, for 
liability risks.  
C0920/R2750  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability before risk miti ­
gation – Total  Total for all types of cover of the capital requirement before risk mitigation for 
liability risks.  
C0930/R2700 – 
R2740  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Type of cover  The estimated risk mitigation effect, per type of cover, of the group’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from 
Liability, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0930/R2750  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total  Total for all types of cover of the estimated risk mitigation.  
C0940/R2700 – 
R2740  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Type of 
cover  The estimated reinstatement premiums, per type of cover, as a result of the 
group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to 
risks arising from Liability.  
C0940/R2750  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total  Total for all types of cover of the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0950/R2700 – 
R2740  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability after risk miti ­
gation – Type of cover  Capital requirement, per type of cover, after the deduction of the risk mitigating 
effect of the group’s specific retrocession contracts and special purpose vehicles, 
relating to risks arising from Liability.  
C0950/R2750  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability after risk miti ­
gation – Total  Total for all types of cover of the capital requirement after the deduction of the 
risk mitigating effect of the group’s specific retrocession contracts and special 
purpose vehicles, relating to risks arising from Liability.  
C0960/R2800  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Liability before risk miti ­
gation – Total before 
diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation, before diversification 
effect between types of cover, for liability risks.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1509