 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0450/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – spread risk – 
securitisation positions)  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on securiti ­
sation positions, after the shock and after the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0450/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – spread risk – 
securitisation positions  This is the net capital charge for spread risk on securitisation positions, after 
adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0450/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions)– spread risk – 
securitisation positions  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on securiti ­
sation positions, after the shock but before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0450/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – spread risk – 
securitisation positions  This is the gross capital charge for spread risk on securitisation positions, i.e. 
before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0461/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – spread risk – 
securitisation positions – 
senior STS securitisation  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on senior STS 
securitisation positions. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0461/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – spread 
risk – securitisation positions – 
senior STS securitisation  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on senior 
STS securitisation positions. 
This value shall only be reported where the split between R0461 to R0483 could 
be derived from the method used for the calculation. Where the split is not 
possible only R0450 shall be filled in. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0461/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – spread risk – secu ­
ritisation positions – senior 
STS securitisation  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on senior STS 
securitisation positions, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0461/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss- 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – spread risk – 
securitisation positions – 
senior STS securitisation)  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on senior 
STS securitisation positions, after the shock and after the application of the 
adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of technical provisions.EN  L 120/892 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023