 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than CIC 87 and CIC 88 
the information shall relate to the borrower; 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and CIC category 9 – Property; 
This item is not applicable to CIC 87 and CIC 88.  
C0220  Type of issuer code  Identification of the type of code used for the ‘Issuer Code’ item. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
9 – None 
This item is not applicable to CIC 87 and CIC 88. 
This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and CIC category 9 – Property.  
C0230  Issuer Sector  Identify the economic sector of issuer based on the latest version of the Statistical 
classification of economic activities in the European Community (‘NACE’) code (as 
published in an EC Regulation). For NACE sections A to N full four-digit reporting 
of the NACE codes is required, i.e. the letter identifying the Section followed by the 4 
digits code for the class shall be used (e.g. ‘K6411’). For the remaining sections the letter 
reference of the NACE code identifying the Section shall be used as a minimum for 
identifying sectors (e.g. ‘P’ or ‘P8501’ would be acceptable). 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer sector is 
the sector of the fund manager; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), the 
issuer sector is the sector of the depositary entity 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than CIC 87 and CIC 88 
the information shall relate to the borrower; 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75, CIC 09 and CIC category 9 – 
Property; 
— This item is not applicable to CIC 87 and CIC 88.  
C0240  Issuer Group  Name of issuer’s ultimate parent entity. For collective investment undertakings the 
ultimate parent of the fund manager (entity) shall be reported. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. When 
this is not available corresponds to the legal name. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the ultimate 
parent of the fund manager (entity) shall be reported;EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1193