 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0510/C0010  Total available own funds to 
meet the MCR  This is the sum of all basic own fund items, after deductions, that meet the Tier 1 
and Tier 2 criteria and that are therefore available to meet the MCR.  
R0510/C0020  Total available own funds to 
meet the MCR – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the sum of all basic own fund items, after deductions, that meet the criteria 
to be included in Tier 1 unrestricted items and that are therefore available to meet 
the MCR.  
R0510/C0030  Total available own funds to 
meet the MCR – tier 1 
restricted  This is the sum of all basic own fund items, after deductions, that meet the criteria 
to be included in Tier 1 restricted items and that are therefore available to meet 
the MCR.  
R0510/C0040  Total available own funds to 
meet the MCR – tier 2  This is the sum of all basic own fund items, after deductions, that meet the criteria 
to be included in Tier 2 and that are therefore available to meet the MCR.  
R0540/C0010  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the SCR  This is the total amount of available own funds that are eligible to cover the SCR.  
R0540/C0020  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the SCR – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the amount of unrestricted Tier 1 own fund items that are eligible to meet 
the SCR.  
R0540/C0030  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the SCR – tier 1 
restricted  This is the amount of restricted Tier 1 own fund items that are eligible to meet 
the SCR.  
R0540/C0040  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the SCR – tier 2  This is the amount of Tier 2 own fund items that are eligible to meet the SCR.  
R0540/C0050  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the SCR – tier 3  This is the amount of Tier 3 own fund items that are eligible to meet the SCR.  
R0550/C0010  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the MCR  This is the total amount of own fund items that are eligible to meet the MCR.  
R0550/C0020  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the MCR – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the amount of unrestricted Tier 1 own fund items that are eligible to meet 
the MCR.  
R0550/C0030  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the MCR – tier 1 
restricted  This is the amount of restricted Tier 1 own fund items that are eligible to meet 
the MCR.  
R0550/C0040  Total eligible own funds to 
meet the MCR – tier 2  This is the amount of Tier 2 basic own fund items that are eligible to meet the 
MCR.EN  L 120/818 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023