 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070  Reinsurance recoverables 
– Claims provisions 
Non–life including Non– 
SLT Health  The amount of share of the reinsurer in the recoverables from reinsurance (including 
Finite Re and SPV) before the adjustment for expected losses due to the counterparty 
default, in the best estimate of the claims provisions.  
C0080  Reinsurance recoverables 
– Technical provisions 
Life including SLT Health  The amount of share of the reinsurer in the recoverables from reinsurance (including 
Finite Re and SPV) before the adjustment for expected losses due to the counterparty 
default, in the best estimate of the technical provisions.  
C0090  Adjustment for expected 
losses due to 
counterparty default  Per reinsurer the adjustment for expected losses due to counterparty default. The 
adjustment shall be calculated separately and must be in line with Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35. 
This value shall be reported as negative value.  
C0100  Reinsurance recoverables: 
Total reinsurance 
recoverables  The result of ceded technical provisions (i.e. claims + premiums provisions), including 
the adjustment for expected losses due to counterparty default.  
C0110  Net receivables  The amounts past due resulting from: claims paid by the insurer but not yet reimbursed 
by the reinsurer plus commissions to be paid by the reinsurer and other receivables 
minus debts to the reinsurer. Cash deposits are excluded and are to be considered as 
guarantees received.  
C0120  Assets pledged by 
reinsurer  Amount of assets pledged by the reinsurer to mitigate the counterparty default risk of 
the reinsurer.  
C0130  Financial guarantees  Amount of guarantees received by the undertaking from the reinsurer to guarantee the 
payment of the liabilities due by the undertaking (includes letter of credit, undrawn 
committed borrowing facilities).  
C0140  Cash deposits  Amount of cash deposits received by the undertaking from the reinsurers.  
C0150  Total guarantees received  Total amount of types of guarantees. 
Corresponds to the sum of the amounts reported in C0120, C0130 and C0140.  
C0155  Currency  Where applicable, identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the 
reinsurance recoverables. 
The breakdown by currency is only be required to cover 90 % of reinsurance recover ­
ables. For the remaining 10 % it is possible to group it under  " other currencies ". 
Information on 
reinsurersEN  L 120/1522 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023