 
C0360/R1820  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Hail All Regions 
before diversification  Total of the estimated risk mitigation for all regions.  
C0370/R1630 – 
R1710  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums —specified 
Region  Per each of the 11 specified Regions the estimated reinstatement premiums, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, as a result of the group’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0370/R1720  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Hail 
specified Regions before 
diversification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for the 11 specified regions.  
C0370/R1910  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Hail 
Other Regions before 
diversification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement 
premiums, as a result of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special 
purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0370/R1920  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Hail 
All Regions before diver ­
sification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for all regions.  
C0380/R1630 – 
R1710  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation — 
specified Region  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the group’s 
specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, 
arising from Hail in each of the 11 specified Regions, corresponding to the 
selected scenario.  
C0380/R1720  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Total Hail specified 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for the 11 
specified regions.  
C0380/R1910  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Total Hail Other Regions 
before diversification  Capital requirement after risk mitigation for Hail risk in regions other than the 
specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, including the 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0380/R1920  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Total Hail All Regions 
before diversification  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for all 
regions.EN  L 120/1500 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023