 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0820/R2500  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from Aviation, 
excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0830/R2500  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums  The estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the undertaking’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from 
Aviation.  
C0840/R2500  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Aviation after risk mitigation – 
Total (row)  The total capital requirement after risk mitigation, after the deduction of the risk 
mitigating effect of the undertaking ’s specific retrocession contracts and special 
purpose vehicles, relating to risks arising from Aviation.  
Man–made 
catastrophe risk 
– Fire  
C0850/R2600  Catastrophe Risk Charge Fire 
before risk mitigation  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for Fire risks. 
This amount is equal to the largest fire risk concentration of an insurance or 
reinsurance undertaking being the set of buildings with the largest sum insured 
that meets the following conditions: 
— The insurance or reinsurance undertaking has insurance or reinsurance 
obligations in lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35 Fire and other damage to property insurance, including propor ­
tional reinsurance obligations, in relation to each building which cover 
damage due to fire or explosion, including as a result of terrorist attacks. 
— All buildings are partly or fully located within a radius of 200 meters.  
C0860/R2600  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the undertaking ’s specific retrocession 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from Fire, 
excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0870/R2600  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums  The estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the undertaking’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from 
Fire.  
C0880/R2600  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation Fire  The total capital requirement after risk mitigation, after the deduction of the risk 
mitigating effect of the undertaking ’s specific retrocession contracts and special 
purpose vehicles, relating to risks arising from Fire.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1015