 
C0380/R1930  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect 
between regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the capital requirement after 
risk mitigations for Hail risks relating to the different regions (both specified 
Regions and Other regions).  
C0380/R1940  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Total Hail after diversifi ­
cation  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation for Hail risk, taking into 
consideration the diversification effect given in C0380/R1930.  
Natural catastrophe 
risk – Subsidence  
C0390/R1950  Estimation of the gross 
premium to be earned – 
Total Subsidence before 
diversification  An estimate of the premiums to be earned, by the insurance or reinsurance group, 
during the following year, for the contract in relation to the obligations of fire and 
other damage, including the proportional reinsurance obligations. 
Premiums shall be gross, without deduction of premiums for reinsurance 
contracts, and in relation to the territory of France.  
C0400/R1950  Exposure – Total 
Subsidence before diver ­
sification  The sum of the total insured made up of the geographical divisions of the 
territory of France for fire and other damage, including the proportional 
reinsurance obligations, which are sufficiently homogeneous in relation to the 
subsidence risk that the insurance and reinsurance groups are exposed to in 
relation to the territory. Together the zones shall comprise the whole territory.  
C0410/R1950  Specified Gross Loss – 
Total Subsidence before 
diversification  Specified gross subsidence loss, before taking into consideration the effect of 
diversification effect between zones.  
C0420/R1950  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Factor before risk miti ­
gation – Total 
Subsidence before diver ­
sification  The Risk Charge Factor of the territory of France for subsidence, before taking 
into consideration the effect of diversification effect between zones.  
C0430/R1950  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Subsidence before 
diversification  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for Subsidence risk in the territory 
of France. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without deduction of the 
amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special Purpose Vehicles, 
which for subsidence is equal to the Specified Gross Loss (item C0410/R1950).  
C0430/R1960  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect 
between zones – Total 
Subsidence before diver ­
sification  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the Subsidence risks relating 
to the different zones of the territory of France.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1501