 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0210 to 
C0280/R2320  Overhead expenses – 
Reinsurers’ share  Overhead expenses include salaries to general managers, auditing costs and regular 
day–to–day costs i.e. electricity bill, rent for accommodations, IT costs. These 
overhead expenses also include expenses related to the development of new 
insurance and reinsurance business, advertising insurance products, improvement 
of the internal processes such as investment in system required to support 
insurance and reinsurance business (e.g. buying new IT system and developing 
new software). 
The amount relates to the reinsurers’ share. 
Reinsurers’ share shall by default be allocated by type of expenses, if not possible 
shall be reported as acquisition expenses.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R2400  Overhead expenses – Net  Overhead expenses include salaries to general managers, auditing costs and regular 
day–to–day costs i.e. electricity bill, rent for accommodations, IT costs. These 
overhead expenses also include expenses related to the development of new 
insurance and reinsurance business, advertising insurance products, improvement 
of the internal processes such as investment in system required to support 
insurance and reinsurance business (e.g. buying new IT system and developing 
new software). 
The net overhead expenses represent the sum of the direct business and the 
accepted reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance under ­
takings.  
C0300/R1410 – 
R2400  Total  Total for different items for all life lines of business, as defined in Annex I to 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0300/R2510  Balance – other technical 
expenses/income  Net technical expenses/income not covered by above mentioned expenses/income 
and reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings. Other technical 
expenses/income shall not be split by lines of business. 
Shall not include change in other technical provisions and non–technical 
expenses/income such as tax, interest expenses, losses on disposals, etc. 
The amount of net technical expenses/income shall be reported negative if the 
amount of technical income is larger than the amount of technical expenses.  
C0300/R2600  Total expenses  Amount of all technical expenses.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R2700  Total amount of surrenders  This amount represents the total amount of surrenders occurred during the year. 
This amount is also reported under claims incurred (item R1610).  
S.06.02 – List of assets  
General comments:  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to Complementary Identification Code (‘CIC’) refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
This template shall reflect the list of all assets included in the Balance–sheet classifiable as asset categories 0 to 9 of 
Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation. In particular in case of securities lending and repurchase agreements 
the underlying securities that are kept in the Balance–sheet shall be reported in this template.EN  L 120/664 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023