 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090/R0600  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Windstorm specified Regions 
before diversification  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Windstorm for 
the 23 specified regions.  
C0090/R0790  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Windstorm Other Regions 
before diversifications  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for Windstorm risk in regions other 
than the specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0090/R0800  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Windstorm all Regions before 
diversification  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Windstorm for 
all regions.  
C0090/R0810  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect between 
regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the Windstorm risks relating 
to the different regions (both specified Regions and ‘other regions’)  
C0090/R0820  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Windstorm after diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for Windstorm risk, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect reported in item C0090/R0810.  
C0100/R0400 – 
R0590  Estimated Risk Mitigation — 
specified Region  Per each of the 23 specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation effect, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the 
estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0100/R0600  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Windstorm specified 
Regions before diversification  Total of the estimated risk mitigation arising from Windstorm for the 23 specified 
regions.  
C0100/R0790  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Windstorm Other 
Regions before diversifications  For all the regions other the specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation effect 
of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0100/R0800  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Windstorm all Regions 
before diversification  Total of the estimated risk mitigation arising from Windstorm for all regions.  
C0110/R0400 – 
R0590  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums —specified Region  For each of the 23 specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement premiums, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, as a result of the undertaking ’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/997