 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0130  Product still commercialised?  Specify if product is still for sale or if it is just in run–off. The following closed list 
shall be used: 
1 – still commercialised 
2 – In run-off  
C0141  Profit sharing  Specify if product category includes profit sharing or not. The following closed list 
shall be used. 
1 – Yes 
2 – No  
C0142  Remaining contractual 
maturity  This field is to provide information about the average contractually defined 
remaining maturity of the contracts according to that product category. The 
selection should be made from the following six options: 
1 - < 5 years 
2 - 5-10 years 
3 - 10-15 years 
4 - 15-20 years 
5 - > 20 years 
6 - Lifelong 
The determination is based on the assumptions that the contract does not end due 
to the realisation of a biometrical risk, the policyholder does not exercise any 
surrender/cancellation option and exercises all renewal options and the insurance 
or reinsurance undertaking does not exercise any option to terminate the contract 
and exercises all renewal options. In the case of an endowment policy this would 
for example mean that the insured person does not die and the policyholder does 
not cancel the contract. For the determination a typical age of the policyholder 
when entering the contract should be assumed. 
Consider as example an endowment policy with the possibility to cancel at any 
time where the typical contract is entered into at age 30 and ends with a lump- 
sum payment at age 65 in case the insured person is still alive. Even though the 
contract may end earlier due to death or cancellation the option ‘> 20 years’ 
should be selected. 
Not applicable for annuities stemming from non-life contracts.  
S.14.02 – Non-Life obligation analysis  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template includes information about non-life insurance contracts only to direct business. No information has to be 
provided for accepted reinsurance business.  
Columns C0010 to C0120 shall be reported by line of business with the exceptions indicated below where further 
breakdown by product categories is envisaged as defined in C0020.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/737