 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0150  Valuation method  Identify the valuation method used when valuing assets. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – quoted market price in active markets for the same assets 
2 – quoted market price in active markets for similar assets 
3 – alternative valuation methods 
4 – adjusted equity methods (applicable for the valuation of participations) 
5 – IFRS equity methods (applicable for the valuation of participations) 
6 – Market valuation according to Article 9(4) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35  
C0160  Acquisition value  Total acquisition value for assets held, clean value without accrued interest. Not 
applicable to CIC categories 7 – Cash and deposits and 8 – Mortgages and Loans.  
C0170  Total Solvency II amount  Value calculated as defined by Article 75 of Directive 2009/138/EC, which 
corresponds to: 
— the multiplication of ‘Par amount’ (principal amount outstanding measured at 
par amount or nominal amount) by ‘Unit percentage of par amount Solvency 
II price’ plus ‘Accrued interest’, for assets where the first two items are 
relevant; 
— the multiplication of ‘Quantity’ by ‘Unit Solvency II price’, for assets where 
these two items are relevant (plus ‘Accrued interest’ if applicable); 
— Solvency II value of the asset for assets classifiable under CIC 71 and CIC 
category 9 – Property.  
C0180  Accrued interest  Quantify the amount of accrued interest after the last coupon date for interest 
bearing assets. Note that this value is also part of item Total Solvency II amount.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTION  
Information on assets  
C0040  Asset ID Code  Asset ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available. 
This code must be unique and kept consistent over time. 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies, it is necessary to specify the Asset ID code and the 
ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, as in the following example: ‘code 
+ EUR’EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/669