 
Information on derivatives  
C0350  Type of counterparty 
group code  Identification of the code used for the ‘Counterparty group Code’ item. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0360  Contract name  Name of the derivative contract.  
C0370  Currency  The ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the derivative shall be identified, i.e. 
currency of the notional amount of the derivative (e.g. option to have having an underlying 
amount in USD, currency for which the notional amount is expressed contractually for FX 
swap).  
C0371  Currency of price  The ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the price of the derivative shall be 
identified, i.e. currency of the amount exchanged against the notional amount of the 
derivative. For example, if the undertaking is paying (or receiving) currency A for the 
notional amount (currency B), the currency of the price is A. The currency of the notional 
amount is B, reported in (C0370).  
C0380  CIC  Complementary Identification Code used to classify assets, as set out in Annex – VI CIC Table 
of this Regulation. When classifying derivatives using the CIC table, undertakings shall take 
into consideration the most representative risk to which the derivative is exposed to.  
C0390  Trigger value  Reference price for futures, strike price for options (for bonds, price shall be a percentage of 
the par amount), currency exchange rate or interest rate for forwards, etc. 
Not applicable to CIC D3 – Interest rate and currency swaps. For CIC F1 – Credit default 
swaps it shall not be completed if not possible. 
In the case of more than one trigger over time, report the next trigger occurring. 
When the derivative has a range of trigger values, report the set separated by comma ‘,’ if the 
range is not continuous and report the range separated by ‘–’ if it is continuous.  
C0400  Unwind trigger of 
contract  The event that causes the unwinding of the contract, out of the regular expiration or term 
conditions, shall be identified. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Bankruptcy of the underlying or reference entity 
2 – Adverse fall in value of the underlying reference asset 
3 – Adverse change in credit rating of the underlying assets or entity 
4 – Novation, i.e. the act of replacing an obligation under the derivative with a new 
obligation, or replacing a party of the derivative with a new party 
5 – Multiple events or a combination of events 
6 – Other events not covered by the previous options 
9 – No unwind triggerEN  L 120/1222 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023