 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0200/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – 
Longevity risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to longevity risk, after the shock 
(i.e. permanent decrease in mortality rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0200/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Longevity 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions sensitive to longevity risk, after the shock (i.e. permanent 
decrease in mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0200/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Longevity risk  This is the net capital charge for longevity risk after the shock (after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for longevity risk 
calculated using simplifications  
R0200/C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss–absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Longevity 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to longevity risk charge, after the shock (permanent 
decrease in mortality rates. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0200/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
Longevity risk  This is the gross capital charge for longevity risk (before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for longevity risk 
calculated using simplifications.  
R0300/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Disability – morbidity 
risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to disability – morbidity risk, 
before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0300/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Disability– morbidity 
risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to disability – morbidity risk, 
before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0300/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – 
Disability – morbidity 
risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to disability – morbidity risk, after 
the shock (i.e. as prescribed by standard formula: an increase in disability and 
morbidity rates which are used in calculation of technical provisions to reflect the 
disability and morbidity experience in the next following 12 months, and for all 
months after the following 12 months and a decrease in the disability and 
morbidity rates recovery rates used in the calculation of technical provisions in 
respect of next 12 months and for all year thereafter. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1379