 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0090/C0050  Preference shares – tier 3  This is the amount of the preference shares issued by the undertaking that meet 
the criteria for Tier 3.  
R0110/C0010  Share premium account related 
to preference shares – total  The total share premium account related to preference shares capital of the 
undertaking that fully satisfies the criteria for Tier 1 restricted, Tier 2 or Tier 3 
items.  
R0110/C0030  Share premium account related 
to preference shares – tier 1 
restricted  This is the amount of the share premium account that relates to preference shares 
that meets the criteria for Tier 1 restricted items because it relates to preference 
shares treated as Tier 1 restricted items.  
R0110/C0040  Share premium account related 
to preference shares – tier 2  This is the amount of the share premium account that relates to preference shares 
that meets the criteria for Tier 2 because it relates to preference shares treated as 
Tier 2.  
R0110/C0050  Share premium account related 
to preference shares – tier 3  This is the amount of the share premium account that relates to preference shares 
that meets the criteria for Tier 3 because it relates to preference shares treated as 
Tier 3.  
R0130/C0010  Reconciliation reserve – total  The total reconciliation reserve represents reserves (e.g. retained earnings), net of 
adjustments (e.g. ring–fenced funds). It results mainly from differences between 
accounting valuation and valuation in accordance with Article 75 of Directive 
2009/138/EC.  
R0130/C0020  Reconciliation reserve – tier 1 
unrestricted  The reconciliation reserve represents reserves (e.g. retained earnings), net of 
adjustments (e.g. ring–fenced funds). It results mainly from differences between 
accounting valuation and valuation in accordance with Directive 2009/138/EC.  
R0140/C0010  Subordinated liabilities – total  This is the total amount of subordinated liabilities issued by the undertaking.  
R0140/C0030  Subordinated liabilities – tier 1 
restricted  This is the amount of subordinated liabilities issued by the undertaking that meet 
the criteria for Tier 1 restricted items.  
R0140/C0040  Subordinated liabilities – tier 2  This is the amount of subordinated liabilities issued by the undertaking that meet 
the criteria for Tier 2.  
R0140/C0050  Subordinated liabilities – tier 3  This is the amount of subordinated liabilities issued by the undertaking that meet 
the criteria for Tier 3.EN  L 120/812 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023