 
— Assets minus Liabilities  
— Assets excl. Unit-linked  
— Liabilities excl. Unit-linked  
— Assets excl. Unit-linked minus Liabilities excl. Unit-linked  
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
General information  
C0010/R0010  Type of VA used  Identifies whether the undertaking applies a Volatility Adjustment (VA) in the 
calculation of the SCR, and in case of ‘yes’, identifies whether changes of the 
VA over the 1-year-time-horizon of Solvency II are anticipated (‘dynamic VA’) or 
not (‘constant VA’). One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – No VA 
2 – Constant VA 
3 – Dynamic VA  
C0010/R0020  Type of shock model for 
market risk  For market and credit risk, internal models regarding the 1-year-time-horizon of 
Solvency II roughly follow two approaches. Instantaneous shock models or a 
projection over 1 year, at the end of which e.g. a bond with two years 
maturity at the beginning of the projection would have a maturity of one year. 
The undertaking is asked to answer the question for ‘market risk’. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Instantaneous shock model 
2 – Projection model  
C0010/R0030  Type of shock model for credit 
risk  For market & credit risk, internal models regarding the 1-year-time-horizon of 
Solvency II roughly follow two approaches. Instantaneous shock models or a 
projection over 1 year, at the end of which e.g. a bond with two years 
maturity at the beginning of the projection would have a maturity of one year. 
The answer should be given for ‘credit risk’. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Instantaneous shock model 
2 – Projection model  
C0010/R0040  Coverage of non-financial 
instruments  Identifies whether credit risk for non-financial instruments is covered in the tables 
2 and 3 and to which extent. One of the options in the following closed list shall 
be used: 
1 – No 
2 – Fully 
3 – Partial 
The choice relates mainly to the approach of modelling ‘credit event’ risk, i.e. 
‘migration’ and ‘default’. Especially so called ‘credit portfolio models’ cover not 
only investments but for example also reinsurance, receivables and also off- 
balance sheet items.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/949