 
S.10.01 – Securities lending and repos  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template contains an item–by–item list of securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements (buyer and 
seller) contracts, which also include the liquidity swaps referred to in Article 309(2)(f) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.  
It shall be reported only when the value of the underlying securities on and off-balance sheet involved in lending or 
repurchase agreements, with maturity date falling after the reporting reference date represent more than 5 % of the total 
investments as reported in C0010/R0070 and C0010/R0220 of template S.02.01. when method 1 as defined in 
Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used exclusively. When method 1 is used in combination with method 2 as 
defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC or method 2 is used exclusively the ratio needs to be adjusted in order 
to capture the items of all entities included in the scope of template S.06.02.  
All contracts that are on the balance sheet or off-balance sheet shall be reported. The information shall include all 
contracts in the reporting period regardless of whether they were open or closed at the reporting date. For contracts 
which are part of a roll–over strategy, where they substantially are the same transaction, only open positions shall be 
reported.  
A repurchase agreement (repo) is defined as the sale of securities together with an agreement for the seller to buy back 
the securities at a later date. Securities lending is defined as the lending of securities by one party to another, which 
requires that the borrower provides the lender with collateral.  
Items shall be reported with positive values unless otherwise stated in the respective instructions.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to CIC codes refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
Each repo and securities lending contract shall be reported in as many rows as needed to provide the information 
requested. If for one item one option fits one part of the instrument being reported and a different option fits the other 
part, then the contract needs to be unbundled unless is stated otherwise in the instructions.  
The template is applicable for method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based method), method 2 (Deduction and aggre ­
gation method) and a combination of methods 1 and 2.  
Where method 1 is used exclusively, the reporting shall reflect the consolidated position of the repos and securities 
lending contracts net of intra–group transactions held within the scope of group supervision. The reporting shall be 
made as follows:EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1227