 
S.26.09 – Internal model: Market & Credit risk – for financial instruments  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and groups.  
If not indicated differently, ‘Solvency II values’ shall be used, i.e. applying the valuation principles set out in the 
Directive2009/138/EC, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, Solvency 2 Technical Standards and Guidelines.  
This part of the reporting requirements covers the market and credit risk arising from the level or volatility of market 
prices of financial instruments, which have an impact upon the value of assets and liabilities of the undertaking or the 
group. Credit risk covers the usual three facets ‘spread’, ‘migration’ and ‘default’.  
The figures shall include the impact on assets and liabilities including any impacts on the options and guarantees and on 
future discretionary benefits for policyholders (‘loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions’).  
The figures shall not include the loss absorbing capacity of deferred taxes.  
The template consists of three main building blocks:  
1. ‘General information’ on few key aspects of the modelling approach  
2. ‘Stand-alone capital requirements for market & credit risk and supplementing distribution data’  
3. ‘Sensitivities and exposure data’  
S.26.09.04.01: General information  
Regarding market and credit risk models two facts on the modelling approach and scope are requested here, as these are 
important for the analysis of data, namely: Whether the model includes ‘ageing effects’ and if non-financial instruments 
are covered in credit risk. For further details see below.  
S.26.09.04.02: Stand-alone capital requirements for market & credit risk and supplementing distribution data  
Based on the requirements of Article 228 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, the probability distribution forecast 
underlying the internal model shall assign probabilities to changes in either the amount of basic own funds of the 
insurance or reinsurance undertaking or to other monetary amounts, such as profit and loss, provided that those 
monetary amounts can be used to determine the changes in basic own funds. The exhaustive set of mutually 
exclusive future events, referred to in Article 13(38) of Directive 2009/138/EC, shall contain a sufficient number of 
events to reflect the risk profile of the undertaking.  
In template S.26.09.04.02, internal model users are requested to provide certain basic statistical values from the 
distribution of own funds impacts associated with the ‘probability distribution forecast’ when restricting the events 
to those associated with a certain type of risk only (‘stand-alone risk’ or ‘marginal risk’). For example, the ‘marginal risk’ 
for interest rates would especially cover changes in the level of the interest rate, but, inter alia, the value of equity would  
typically not be changed in the simulations.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1429