 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0160  Other (free text)  Describe how other modelled contributions (if any) to the SCR were impacted by the model 
change.  
C0170  Change qualification  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Qualitative 
2 – Quantitative 
3 – Combination of quantitative/qualitative  
Change Impact  
C0180  Total SCR value before 
change (amount)  Amount of Total SCR (full model run including the standard formula part for partial internal 
models and diversification benefit) value before the model change in units of the reporting 
currency. Report only for major changes. The value expected is as in S.23.01.01.01 
R0580/C0010 for solos and S.23.01.04.01 R0680/C0010 for groups.  
C0190  Reference date of SCR 
impact  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the reference date of the SCR impact caused by 
the model change (major changes only). Specified date given by the NCAs in the approval 
letter of the major change application from which the approved model can be used to 
calculate the SCR.  
C0200  Total SCR value after 
change (amount)  Amount of Total SCR (full model run, if necessary, including the standard formula part for 
partial internal models and diversification benefit) value after the model change as specified in 
the model change application in units of the reporting currency. Report only for major 
changes. The value expected is as in S.23.01.01.01 R0580/C0010 for solos and 
S.23.01.04.01 R0680/C0010 for groups.  
C0210  Total SCR change %  The relative change of total SCR in percentage. (major changes only)  
C0220  Own Funds w/o change 
(amount)  Total Eligible Own Funds without the model change in units of the reporting currency. 
Report only for major changes. The value expected is as in S.23.01.01.01 R0540/C0010 
for solos and S.23.01.04.01 R0660/C0010 for groups.  
C0230  Own Funds with change 
(amount)  Total Eligible Own Funds with the model change in units of the reporting currency. Report 
only for major changes. The value expected is as in S.23.01.01.01 R0540/C0010 for solos 
and S.23.01.04.01 R0660/C0010 for groups.  
C0260  Other trigger  If the level of change in SCR is not the trigger for the major change classification, then 
describe what criteria is classifying the change as major (only the relevant trigger that 
triggered the change).EN  L 120/1478 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023