 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0770/C0060  Expected profits included in 
future premiums (EPIFP) – Life 
business  The reconciliation reserve includes an amount of the excess of assets over 
liabilities that corresponds to the expected profit in future premiums (‘EPIFP’). 
This cell represents that amount gross of reinsurance and taxes (i.e. without 
considering their impact) for the life business of the undertaking.  
R0780/C0060  Expected profits included in 
future premiums (EPIFP) – 
Non– life business  The reconciliation reserve includes an amount of the excess of assets over 
liabilities that corresponds to the expected profit in future premiums (EPIFP). 
This cell represents that amount gross of reinsurance and taxes (i.e. without 
considering their impact) for the non–life business of the undertaking.  
R0790/C0060  Total Expected profits included 
in future premiums (EPIFP)  This is the total amount calculated as expected profits included in future 
premiums.  
S.23.02 – Detailed information by tiers on own funds  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission for individual entities.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0010/C0010  Ordinary share capital –Paid in 
– total  This is the total of paid in ordinary share capital, including own shares.  
R0010/C0020  Ordinary share capital – Paid 
in – tier 1  This is the total of paid in ordinary share capital that meets the criteria for Tier 1, 
including own shares.  
R0020/C0010  Ordinary share capital – Called 
up but not yet paid in – total  This is the total amount of ordinary shares that have been called up but not yet 
paid in, including own shares.  
R0020/C0040  Ordinary share capital – Called 
up but not yet paid in – tier 2  This is the amount of ordinary shares that have been called up but not yet paid in 
that meet the criteria for Tier 2, including own shares.  
R0030/C0010  Own shares held – total  This is the total amount of own shares held by the undertaking.  
R0030/C0020  Own shares held – tier 1  This is the total amount of own shares held by the undertaking, that meet the 
criteria for Tier 1.  
R0100/C0010  Total ordinary share capital  This is the total of ordinary share capital. Note that own shares held will be 
included in either paid in or called up but not yet paid in.  
R0100/C0020  Total ordinary share capital – 
tier 1  This is the total of ordinary share capital that meets the criteria for Tier 1. Note 
that own shares held will be included in either paid in or called up but not yet 
paid in.  
R0100/C0040  Total ordinary share capital – 
tier 2  This is the total of ordinary share capital that meets the criteria for Tier 2.  
R0110/C0010  Initial funds, members’ 
contributions or the equivalent 
basic own–fund items for 
mutual and mutual–type 
undertaking –Paid in – total  This is the total of paid in initial funds, members’ contributions or the equivalent 
basic own–fund item for mutual and mutual–type undertaking.EN  L 120/820 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023