 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0070  Adjustment to technical 
provisions after any limitation 
applied in accordance with 
Article 308d(4)  Amount of the adjustment to the technical provisions after any limitation applied 
in accordance with Article 308d(4) of Directive 2009/138/EC, if applicable. 
If no limitation the amount calculated as R0060*(R0010-R0050) shall be 
reported.  
C0010/R0080  Technical provision after tran ­
sitional on technical provisions  Amount of technical provisions, subject to transitional deduction to technical 
provisions, after transitional deduction to technical provisions.  
S.22.06 – Best estimate subject to volatility adjustment by country and currency  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall only be reported by insurance and reinsurance undertakings that apply volatility adjustment in 
accordance with Article 77d of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
This template shall reflect the gross best estimate of insurance and reinsurance life obligations subject to volatility 
adjustment split by currency of the obligations and by country in which the contract was entered into. The best estimate 
reported shall take into account the volatility adjustment. The best estimate subject to any matching adjustment shall 
not be reported in this template.  
Information shall be reported in relation to material obligations in countries and currencies for which a currency 
volatility adjustment, and a country increase if applicable, is applied until 90 % of the total best estimate subject to 
volatility adjustment is reported by currency and country.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Line of Business  Identify if the information is being reported in relation to life or non-life activity. 
The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Life and health SLT 
2 – Non–life and health other than that pursued on a similar basis to that of life 
insurance  
R0010  Other than reporting currency  Report the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of each currency reported.  
Best estimate subject to country and currency volatility adjustment – Total and home country by currency  
C0030/R0020  Total value of Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
(for all currencies)/Total value 
of all countries  Total value, for all currencies and all countries, of the best estimate of the 
insurance and reinsurance obligations subject to volatility adjustment.  
C0040/R0020  Part of the Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
written in the reporting 
currency/Total value of all 
countries  Total value for all countries, of the best estimate of the insurance and reinsurance 
obligations subject to volatility adjustment for the reporting currency.  
C0050/R0020  Part of the Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
written in currencies/Total 
value of all countries  Total value for all countries of the best estimate of the insurance and reinsurance 
obligations subject to volatility adjustment split by currency.EN  L 120/808 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023