 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
NC0201  Type of code Asset/Lia ­
bility underlying the 
derivative  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code Asset/Liability underlying the derivative’ 
item. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO 6166 for ISIN code 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures number assigned 
by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn-Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking. This option shall also be used for the cases of 
‘Multiple assets/liabilities ’ and indexes  
NC0210  Counterparty name for 
which credit protection is 
purchased  Name of the counterparty for which protection has been purchased for its default  
NC0220  Swap delivered interest 
rate (for buyer)  Interest rate delivered under the swap contract (only for Interest rate swaps).  
NC0230  Swap received interest 
rate (for buyer)  Interest rate received under the swap contract (only for Interest rate swaps).  
NC0240  Swap delivered currency 
(for buyer)  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the swap price (only for currency 
swaps).  
C0250  Swap received currency 
(for buyer)  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the swap notional amount (only for 
currency swaps).  
C0260  Revenues stemming from 
derivatives  Net revenues stemming from the investment or the purchase of derivatives. Following the 
IFRS based P&L, both realized and unrealized results are expected here. The amounts should 
be filed with their clean value (in comparison to QRT S. 09.01. SII). Interests will be reported 
in S.36.05 P&L.  
C0270  Comments  Comments shall contain: 
— a notification if the transaction has not been performed at arm’s length 
— any other relevant information regarding the economic nature of the operation.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1561