 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0160/C0100  Capital requirement for 
business operated in 
accordance with Art. 4 
of Directive 2003/41/EC  Amount of the capital requirement, calculated in accordance with the rules stated in 
Article 17 of Directive 2003/41/EC, for ring-fenced funds relating to pension business 
operated under Article 4 of Directive 2003/41/EC to which transitional measures are 
applied. This item is to be reported only during the transitional period.  
R0200/C0100  Solvency Capital 
Requirement calculated 
on the basis of 
Art. 336 (a) of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, excluding 
capital add–on  Amount of the SCR, before any capital add–on, calculated in accordance with 
Article 336 (a), i.e. on the basis of consolidated data as referred to in 
Article 335(1) points (a), (b) and (c) of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
including data of controlled collective investment undertakings and investments 
packaged as funds.  
R0210/C0100  Capital add–ons already 
set  Amount of capital add–on that had been set at the reporting reference date. It does not 
include capital add–ons set between that date and the submission of the data to the 
supervisory authority.  
R0211/C0100  Of which, capital add- 
ons already set – 
Article 37(1) Type a  Amount of type (a) capital add-on in accordance with Article 37(1) of Directive 
2009/138/EC (2014/51/EU) that had been set at the reporting reference date. It does 
not include capital add-ons set between that date and the submission of the data to the 
supervisory authority, nor any set after the submission of the data.  
R0212/C0100  Of which, capital add- 
ons already set – 
Article 37(1) Type b  Amount of type (b) capital add-on in accordance with Article 37(1) of Directive 
2009/138/EC (2014/51/EU) that had been set at the reporting reference date. It 
doesnot include capital add-ons set between that date and the submission of the data 
to the supervisory authority, nor any set after the submission of the data.  
R0213/C0100  Of which, capital add- 
ons already set – 
Article 37(1) Type c  Amount of type (c) capital add-on in accordance with Article 37(1) of Directive 
2009/138/EC (2014/51/EU) that had been set at the reporting reference date. It 
doesnot include capital add-ons set between that date and the submission of the data 
to the supervisory authority, nor any set after the submission of the data.  
R0214/C0100  Of which, capital add- 
ons already set – 
Article 37(1) Type d  Amount of type (d) capital add-on in accordance with Article 37(1) of Directive 
2009/138/EC (2014/51/EU) that had been set at the reporting reference date. It 
doesnot include capital add-ons set between that date and the submission of the data 
to the supervisory authority, nor any set after the submission of the data.EN  L 120/1340 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023