EN  L 120/1588 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023
 First 2 positions – Assets listed in  Definition  
Third and fourth position – Category  Definition  
13  Regional government bonds  Regional government or autonomous communities debt instruments offered to the public in a public offering on the 
capital market and bonds that are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by regional governments listed in 
Article 1 of Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2011.  
14  Local authorities bonds  Bonds issued by local authorities, including cities, provinces, districts and other municipal authorities and bonds that are 
fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by local authorities listed in Article 1 of Implementing Regulation (EU) 
2015/2011.  
15  Treasury bonds  Short term government bonds, issued by central governments (issued with a maturity term up to 1 year) and bonds that 
are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the European Central Bank, Member States’ central government 
and central banks (issued with a maturity term up to 1 year).  
16  Covered bonds  Government bonds and bonds that are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the European Central Bank, 
Member States’ central government and central banks, which have a pool of assets that secures or ‘covers’ the bond. 
Those assets remain on the issuer balance sheet.  
17  National Central banks  Bonds issued by national central banks and bonds that are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
European Central Bank and central banks, excluding bonds denominated and funded in a currency different from the 
domestic currency of that central bank.  
18  Government bonds not 
denominated in the domestic 
currency  Bonds issued by central governments and central banks denominated and funded in a currency different from the 
domestic currency of that central government and the central bank.  
19  Other  Other government bonds and bonds that are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the European Central 
Bank, Member States’ central government and central banks, not classified under the above categories.  
2 Corporate bonds  Bonds issued by corporations  
21  Corporate bonds  Bonds issued by corporations, with simple characteristics, usually covering the ones referred to as ‘plain vanilla’, and that 
don’t have any special feature described in the categories 22 to 28.  
22  Convertible bonds  Corporate bonds that either the bond holder or the bond issuer can convert into shares of common stock in the issuing 
company or cash of equal value, having debt and equity-like features.