 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0220/C0100  Consolidated Group SCR  Overall capital requirement including capital add-ons for undertakings under method 1 
as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC. It shall include all components of 
the consolidated SCR, including capital requirements of undertakings from other 
financial sectors, capital requirement for non-controlled participation, capital 
requirement for residual undertakings and capital requirement for collective investment 
undertakings or investments packaged as funds.  
Other information on SCR  
R0300/C0100  Amount/estimate of the 
overall loss-absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions  Amount/Estimate of the overall adjustment for loss-absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions, including the part embedded in the components and the part reported as 
a single component. This amount shall be reported as a negative amount.  
R0310/C0100  Amount/estimate of the 
loss absorbing capacity 
for deferred taxes  Amount/Estimate of the overall adjustment for deferred taxes, including the part 
embedded in the components and the part reported as a single component. This 
amount shall be reported as a negative amount.  
R0400/C0100  Capital requirement for 
duration-based equity 
risk sub-module  Amount of the capital requirement for duration-based equity risk sub-module. 
Applicable only for partial internal models.  
R0410/C0100  Total amount of notional 
Solvency Capital 
Requirements for 
remaining part  Amount of the notional SCRs of remaining part when undertaking has RFF.  
R0420/C0100  Total amount of 
Notional Solvency 
Capital Requirements for 
ring-fenced funds  Amount of the sum of notional SCRs of all ring-fenced funds when undertaking has 
RFF (other than those related to business operated in accordance with Article 4 of 
Directive 2003/41/EC (transitional)).  
R0430/C0100  Total amount of 
Notional Solvency 
Capital Requirements for 
matching adjustment 
portfolios  Amount of the sum of notional SCRs of all matching adjustment portfolios 
This item does not have to be reported when reporting SCR calculation at RFF or 
matching adjustment portfolio level.  
R0440/C0100  Diversification effects due 
to RFF nSCR aggregation 
for Article 304  Amount of the adjustment for a diversification effect between ring fenced funds under 
Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC and the remaining part where applicable. 
It shall be equal to the difference between the sum of the nSCR for each RFF/MAP/RP 
and the SCR reported in R0200/C0100.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1341