 
C0170/R1030  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Earthquake 
specified Regions before 
diversification  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Earthquakes 
for the 20 specified regions.  
C0170/R1220  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Earthquake Other 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for Earthquake risk in regions other 
than the specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0170/R1230  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation 
Total Earthquake – All 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Earthquakes 
for all regions.  
C0170/R1240  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect 
between regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the Earthquake risks relating 
to the different regions (both specified Regions and Other regions).  
C0170/R1250  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Earthquake after 
diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for Earthquake risk, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect given in C0170/R1240.  
C0180/R0830 – 
R1020  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
—specified Region  Per each of the 20 specified Regions the estimated risk mitigation effect of the 
group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this 
peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0180/R1030  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Earthquake 
specified Regions before 
diversification  Total of the estimated Risk Mitigation for the 20 specified regions.  
C0180/R1220  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Earthquake – 
Other Regions before 
diversification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation 
effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0180/R1230  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Earthquake – All 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the estimated Risk Mitigation for all regions.EN  L 120/1492 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023