 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0700/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – life catastrophe 
risk  This is the gross capital charge for life catastrophe risk (before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0060/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for life catastrophe 
risk calculated using simplified calculations.  
R0800/C0060  Diversification within life 
underwriting risk module – 
Net  This is the diversification effect within the life underwriting risk module as a result 
of the aggregation of the net capital requirements (after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0800/C0080  Diversification within life 
underwriting risk module – 
Gross  This is the diversification effect within the life underwriting risk module as a result 
of the aggregation of the gross capital requirements (before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0900/C0060  Total net solvency capital 
requirement for life under ­
writing risk  This is the total net capital charge for life underwriting risk, after adjustment for 
the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0900/C0080  Total gross solvency capital 
requirement for life under ­
writing risk  This is the total gross capital charge for life underwriting risk, before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
Further details on revision risk  
R1000/C0090  USP – Factors applied for the 
revision risk shock  Revision shock – undertaking specific parameter (‘USP’) as calculated by the 
undertaking and approved by the supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no undertaking specific parameter is used.  
S.26.04 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Health underwriting risk  
General Comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.04.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) 
and for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
All values shall be reported net of reinsurance and other risk mitigating techniques.  
Amounts before and after shock shall be filled in with the amount of assets and liabilities sensitive to that shock. For the 
liabilities the assessment shall be done at the most granular level available between contract and homogeneous risk 
group. This means that if a contract/HRG is sensitive to a shock the amount of liabilities associated to that 
contract/HRG shall be reported as amount sensitive to that shock.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/913