 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
9 — 9 and 21 Credit and suretyship insurance 
10 — 10 and 22 Legal expenses insurance 
11 — 11 and 23 Assistance 
12 — 12 and 24 Miscellaneous financial loss 
25 — Non–proportional health reinsurance 
26 — Non–proportional casualty reinsurance 
27 — Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance 
28 — Non–proportional property reinsurance  
Z0020  Accident year/Underwriting 
year  Report the standard used by the undertakings for reporting of claims devel ­
opment. 
The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Accident year 
2 – Underwriting year  
Z0030  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the settlement currency of the 
obligation. All amounts, not reported by currency, are reported in the under ­
taking’s reporting currency. 
This item shall be filled in with ‘Total’ when reporting the total for the line of 
business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
For captive insurance and reinsurance undertakings complying with the conditions 
specified Article 5(4) and (5) this cell shall always be reported as Total.  
Z0040  Currency conversion  Identify if the information reported by currency is being reported in the original 
currency (default) or in the reporting currency (otherwise specified). The following 
closed list shall be used: 
1 – Original currency 
2 – Reporting currency 
Only applicable when reporting by currency.  
Information on 
year N:  
C0010/R0010  The average interest rate  The average interest rate used in percentage (as a decimal) for the end of year N  
C0010/R0020  The average duration of the 
obligations  Average duration in years on total obligations basis for the end of the year N  
C0010/R0030  The weighted average age of 
the beneficiaries  The weight shall be the Best Estimate for annuity claims provisions at the end of 
year N. Age of beneficiaries calculated on a weighted average for total obligations. 
The beneficiary is the person to whom the payments are reverting to, following 
the occurrence of a claim (that affects the insured person) which originates this 
type of payment. 
Information should be considered gross of reinsurance.EN  L 120/746 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023