 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0220/C0220  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (medical 
expense) – Average 
inflation rate  Weighted average rate of inflation on medical payments included in the calcu ­
lation of the best estimate of those obligations, where the weights are based on 
the present value of medical payments included in the calculation of the best 
estimate of those obligations.  
R0230/C0120  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (income 
protection) – Capital at 
risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 100 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35 for all obligations subject to disability–morbidity risk (income 
protection).  
R0230/C0130  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (income 
protection) – Capital at 
risk t+1  Capital at risk as defined in R0230/C0120 after 12 months.  
R0230/C0150  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (income 
protection) – Best 
estimate  Best estimate of obligations subject to disability–morbidity risk.  
R0230/C0160  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (income 
protection) – Average 
rate t+1  Average disability–morbidity rate during the following 12 months (t+1) weighted 
by sum insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0230/C0170  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (income 
protection) – Average 
rate t+2  Average disability–morbidity rate during the 12 months after the following 12 
months (t+2) weighted by sum insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0230/C0180  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (income 
protection) – Modified 
duration  Modified duration in years of all payments on disability–morbidity included in the 
best estimate for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0230/C0200  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (income 
protection) – 
Termination rates  Expected termination rates during the following 12 months for policies with a 
positive capital at risk.  
R0240/C0140  Health SLT lapse risk 
(up) – Surrender strain  Sum of all positive surrender strains as defined in Article 102 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35.EN  L 120/1418 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023