 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Interest rate risk  
R0100/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
interest rate risk  This is the net capital charge for interest rate risk, i.e. after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents the net capital charge for interest rate 
risk calculated using simplified calculations for captive undertakings within the 
scope of group supervision.  
R0100/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
interest rate risk  This is the gross capital charge for interest rate risk, i.e. before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents the gross capital charge for interest rate 
risk calculated using simplified calculations for captive undertakings within the 
scope of group supervision.  
R0110–R0120/ 
C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Interest rate risk – 
interest rate down/up 
shock  This is the total value of the assets sensitive to interest rate down/up risk, before 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0110–R0120/ 
C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Interest rate risk – 
interest rate down/up 
shock  This is the total value of the liabilities sensitive to interest rate down/up risk, 
before shock. 
The amount of technical provisions (‘TP’) shall be net of reinsurance and SPV 
recoverables.  
R0110–R0120/ 
C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Interest 
rate risk – interest rate 
down/up shock  This is the absolute value of assets sensitive to interest rate down/up risks after the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0110–R0120/ 
C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Interest rate 
risk– interest rate 
down/up shock  This is the absolute value of liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to interest rate down/up risks after the shock. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.EN  L 120/1346 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023