 
The template collects information on reinsurers and not on separate treaties. All ceded technical provisions, including 
those ceded under Finite reinsurance (as defined in S.30.03 Column C0060 of Annex II), shall be completed. This also 
means that if an SPV or a syndicate of Lloyd’s acts as a reinsurer the SPV or the syndicate must be listed.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Legal name of reinsured 
undertaking  Name of reinsured entity, identifying the cedent (re)insurance undertaking. This item is 
only applicable to groups.  
C0020  Identification code of the 
undertaking  Identification code of the undertaking, using the following priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
When the undertaking uses the option ‘Specific code’ the following shall be considered: 
— For non–EEA undertakings and non–regulated undertakings within the scope of 
group supervision, identification code provided will be provided by the group. 
When allocating an identification code to each non–EEA or non–regulated under ­
taking, it should comply with the following format in a consistent manner: 
identification code of the parent undertaking + ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the 
country of the undertaking + 5 digits  
C0030  Type of code of the ID of 
the undertaking  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the undertaking’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0040  Code reinsurer  Identification code of the reinsurer by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI); 
— Specific code attributed by the undertaking  
C0050  Type of code Reinsurer  Identification of the code used in item ‘Code reinsurer’. The following closed list shall be 
used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0060  Reinsurance recoverables 
– Premium provision 
Non–life including Non– 
SLT Health  The amount of share of the reinsurer in the recoverables from reinsurance (including 
Finite Re and SPV) before the adjustment for expected losses due to the counterparty 
default, in the best estimate of the premium provisions calculated as the expected 
present value of future incoming and outgoing cash flows.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1521