 
This template shall report the P&L associated to all (significant, very significant and transactions required to be reported 
in all circumstances) intra-group transactions between entities in the scope of the group supervision or P&L transaction 
considered as significant or very significant intragroup transactions or transactions required to be reported in all 
circumstances. These include, but not limited to:  
— Fees;  
— Commissions;  
— Interests;  
— Dividends;  
— Costs or revenues from intragroup outsourcing, internal cost sharing or rental agreements.  
Intragroup outsourcing or internal cost sharing leading to significant intragroup transactions shall be reported.  
Although interest, dividends are reported in S.36.01, S.36.02 they have to be reported additionally in S.36.05 P&L.  
This template shall include intragroup transactions that were:  
— in-force at the start of the reporting period.  
— incepted during the reporting period and outstanding at the reporting date.  
— incepted and expired/matured during the reporting period.  
Where two or more transactions between entities of the group which, from an economic perspective, contribute to the 
same risk, or, serve the same purpose/objective or are temporally connected in a plan, they shall be considered as a 
single economic operation.  
As such each transaction which is part of a single economic operation shall be reported whenever collectively they are 
at or above the corresponding threshold for significant intra-group transactions, even though individually the trans ­
actions fall below the threshold.  
Any element added to significant intragroup transactions shall be reported as a separate intragroup transaction, even if 
the element in its own right falls below the significant threshold limit. For example, if an undertaking increases the 
initial loan amount to another related undertaking the addition to the loan shall be recorded as a separate item with its 
issue date as the date of the addition.  
Where the transaction value is different for two transacting parties (e.g. a EUR10m transaction between A and B where 
A records EUR10m but B only receive EUR9,5 m because of transactions costs, of say EUR0,5 m has been expensed) the 
template shall record the maximum amount as the transaction amount, in this case EUR10m.  
Indirect transactions shall be defined as any transaction shifting risk exposures between entities within the group 
including but not limited to transactions with special purpose vehicle, collective investment undertakings, ancillary 
entities or unregulated entities; or entities outside of the group but ultimately risk exposure is brought back or stays 
within the group. Where there is a chain of related intragroup transactions (e.g. A invests in B and B invests in C), this 
transaction shall be reported as an indirect transaction. Therefore A to C transaction shall be reported and the 
comments shall mention the intermediary step. In the case of a waterfall of transactions, e. g. if ‘A’-> ‘B’ -> ‘C’-> ‘D’ 
where both ‘B’ and ‘C’ are both in the group but unregulated entities, this transaction shall also be reported.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1573