 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
6 – Simplification for type 1 exposures, Article 112b 
7 – Simplification for the risk-mitigating effect of reinsurance arrangements, 
Article 111 
9 – Simplifications not used 
Options 3 to 7 may be used simultaneously. 
If R0010/C0010 = 4 or 6, for Type 1 exposures, only R0100/C0080 shall be filed 
in for R0100.  
R0100/C0080  Type 1 exposures – Gross 
solvency capital requirement  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss–absorbency capacity of technical 
provisions) for counterparty default risk arising from all Type 1 exposures. 
If R0010/C0010 = 4 or 6, this item represents the Gross solvency capital 
requirement using simplifications.  
R0110–R0200/ 
C0020  Name of single name exposure  Describe the name of the 10 largest single exposures.  
R0110–R0200/ 
C0030  Code of single name exposure  Identification code using the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) if available. 
If not available this item shall not be reported  
R0110–R0200/ 
C0040  Type of code of the single 
name exposure  Identification of the code used in item ‘Code of single name exposure’. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
9 – None  
R0110–R0200/ 
C0050  Type 1 exposures – Single 
name exposure X – Loss Given 
Default  The value of the Loss Given Default for each of the 10 largest single name 
exposures.  
R0110–R0200/ 
C0060  Type 1 exposures – Single 
name exposure X – Probability 
of Default  The Probability of Default for each of the 10 largest single name exposures.  
R0300/C0080  Type 2 exposures – Gross 
solvency capital requirement  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss–absorbency capacity of technical 
provisions) for counterparty default risk arising from all Type 2 exposures, as 
defined for Solvency II purposes  
R0310/C0050  Type 2 exposures – 
Receivables from Inter ­
mediaries due for more than 3 
months – Loss Given Default  This is the value of Loss Given Default for Type 2 counterparty risk arising from 
intermediaries due for more than 3 months.  
R0320/C0050  Type 2 exposures – All type 2 
exposures other than 
receivables from Intermediaries 
due for more than 3 months – 
Loss Given Default  This is the value of Loss Given Default for Type 2 counterparty risk arising from 
all type 2 exposures other than receivables from Intermediaries due for more than 
3 months.EN  L 120/902 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023