 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Calculation of Solvency Capital Requirement  
R0120/C0100  Adjustment due to RFF/MAP 
nSCR aggregation  Adjustment to correct the bias on SCR calculation due to aggregation of RFF/MAP 
nSCR at risk module level. This amount shall be positive.  
R0130/C0100  Operational risk  Amount of the capital requirements for operational risk module as calculated 
using the standard formula.  
R0140/C0100  Loss–absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions  Amount of the adjustment for loss–absorbing capacity of technical provisions 
calculated in accordance with the standard formula. 
This amount shall be reported as a negative value. 
At RFF/MAP level and at entity level where there are no RFF (other than those 
under Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC) nor MAP it is the maximum 
between zero and the amount corresponding to the minimum between the 
amount of technical provisions without risk margin in relation to future discre ­
tionary benefits net of reinsurance and the difference between gross and net basic 
solvency capital requirement. 
Where there are RFF (other than those under Article 304 of Directive 
2009/138/EC) or MAP, this amount shall be calculated as the sum of the loss– 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions of each RFF/MAP and remaining part, 
taking into account the net future discretionary benefits as a top limit.  
R0150/C0100  Loss–absorbing capacity of 
deferred taxes  Amount of the adjustment for loss–absorbing capacity of deferred taxes calculated 
according to the standard formula. 
This amount shall be negative.  
R0160/C0100  Capital requirement for 
business operated in 
accordance with Art. 4 of 
Directive 2003/41/EC  Amount of the capital requirement, calculated in accordance with the rules stated 
in Article 17 of Directive 2003/41/EC, for ring–fenced funds relating to pension 
business operated under article 4 of Directive 2003/41/EC to which transitional 
measures are applied. This item is to be reported only during the transitional 
period.  
R0200/C0100  Solvency capital requirement 
excluding capital add–on  Amount of the total diversified SCR before any capital add–on.  
R0210/C0100  Capital add–ons already set  Amount of capital add–on set by the NSA by the reporting reference date. It does 
not include capital add–ons set between that date and the submission of the data 
to the supervisory authority.  
R0211/C0100  of which, capital add–ons 
already set – Article 37(1) 
Type a  Amount of capital add–on set by the NSA in accordance with Article 37(1) 
paragraph (a), by the reporting reference date. It does not include capital add– 
ons set between that date and the submission of the data to the supervisory 
authority.  
R0212/C0100  of which, capital add–ons 
already set – Article 37(1) 
Type b  Amount of capital add–on set by the NSA in accordance with Article 37(1) 
paragraph (b), by the reporting reference date. It does not include capital add– 
ons set between that date and the submission of the data to the supervisory 
authority.EN  L 120/868 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023