 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0292/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Equity risk –qualifying 
infrastructure equities 
other than corporate 
equities  This is the net capital charge for equity risk (for each kind of qualifying infra ­
structure equity other than corporate equities), after the application of the 
adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0292/C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss-absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Equity risk 
– qualifying infra ­
structure equities other 
than corporate equities  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to equity risk (for each kind of 
qualifying infrastructure equity other than corporate equities), after the shock, but 
before the application of the adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0292/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
Equity risk – qualifying 
infrastructure equities 
other than corporate 
equities  This is the gross capital charge for equity risk for each kind of qualifying infra ­
structure equity, other than corporate equities, i.e. before the application of the 
adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
Property risk  
R0300/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Property risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the property risk. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0300/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Property risk  This is the value of the liabilities sensitive to the property risk. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0300/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – 
Property risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to property risk charge, after the 
property shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.EN  L 120/1352 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023