 
C0010/R0020 – 
R0060  SCR before risk miti ­
gation – Natural catas ­
trophe risk perils  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation per natural catastrophe 
peril, taking into consideration the diversification effect between zones and 
regions. 
Per natural peril this amount is equal to the Catastrophe Risk Charge before risk 
mitigation.  
C0010/R0070  SCR before risk miti ­
gation – Diversification 
between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different natural catastrophe perils.  
C0020/R0010  Total risk mitigation – 
Natural catastrophe risk  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles arising from all natural catastrophe perils and taking 
into consideration the diversification effect between the perils given in C0020/ 
R0070.  
C0020/R0020 – 
R0060  Total risk mitigation – 
Natural catastrophe risk 
perils  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles per natural catastrophe peril.  
C0020/R0070  Total risk mitigation – 
Diversification between 
perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the risk mitigation effect of 
the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to 
different natural catastrophe perils.  
C0030/R0010  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Natural catastrophe 
risk  This is the total catastrophe risk after risk mitigation arising from all natural 
catastrophe perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect 
between the perils given in C0030/R0070.  
C0030/R0020 – 
R0060  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Natural catastrophe 
risk perils  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation per natural catastrophe 
peril, taking into consideration the diversification effect between zones and 
regions. 
Per natural peril this amount is equal to the Catastrophe Risk Charge after risk 
mitigation.  
C0030/R0070  SCR after risk mitigation 
– Diversification between 
perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different natural catastrophe perils.  
C0010/R0080  SCR before risk miti ­
gation – Catastrophe risk 
non–proportional 
property reinsurance  This is the total catastrophe risk before risk mitigation arising from non–propor ­
tional property reinsurance.  
C0020/R0080  Total risk mitigation – 
Catastrophe risk non– 
proportional property 
reinsurance  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts 
and special purpose vehicles for non–proportional property reinsurance.EN  L 120/1482 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023