 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Overall calcu ­
lation of the 
transitional 
adjustment  
Z0010  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of each of the currency for which the 
transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is 
applied.  
C0010/R0010  Solvency I interest rate  The interest rate (as a decimal) as determined by the insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking in accordance with the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions which are adopted pursuant to Article 20 of Directive 2002/83/EC 
at the last date of the application of that Directive.  
C0010/R0020  Annual effective rate  The annual effective rate, calculated as the single discount rate that, where applied 
to the cash flows of the portfolio of admissible insurance and reinsurance 
obligations, results in a value that is equal to the value of the best estimate of 
the portfolio of admissible insurance and reinsurance obligations where the time 
value of money is taken into account using the relevant risk–free interest rate term 
structure referred to in Article 77(2) of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
C0010/R0030  Portion of the difference 
applied at the reporting date  Percentage (as a decimal) of the difference between the Solvency I interest rate 
(R0010) and the Annual effective rate (R0020) (e.g. 1,00 at the beginning of the 
transitional period and 0,00 at the end).  
C0010/R0040  Adjustment to risk free rate  Transitional adjustment to the risk-free rate expressed as a percentage (as a deci ­
mal).  
Solvency I 
interest rate  
C0020/R0100  Best estimate – Up to 0,5 per 
cent  Value of the best estimate of the insurance and reinsurance obligations for which 
the interest rate as determined by the insurance or reinsurance undertaking in 
accordance with the laws, regulations and administrative provisions which are 
adopted pursuant to Article 20 of Directive 2002/83/EC at the last date of the 
application of that Directive was up to 0,5 % (inclusive). 
Only the guaranteed Best Estimate of obligations stemming from products 
providing a guaranteed rate shall be considered. The Future Discretionary 
Benefits shall not be considered.  
C0020/R0110 
to R0200  Best estimate – between 0,5 % 
and 8,0 %  Value of the best estimate of the insurance and reinsurance obligations for which 
the interest rate as determined by the insurance or reinsurance undertaking in 
accordance with the laws, regulations and administrative provisions which are 
adopted pursuant to Article 20 of Directive 2002/83/EC at the last date of the 
application of that Directive was in the correspondent interval. 
The lower reference is exclusive and the higher reference is inclusive. 
Only the guaranteed Best Estimate of obligations stemming from products 
providing a guaranteed rate shall be considered. The Future Discretionary 
Benefits shall not be considered.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/805