 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
2 – Maximum Possible Loss 
loss which may occur when the most unfavourable circumstances being more or 
less exceptionally combined, the fire is only stopped by impassable obstacles or 
lack of substance. 
3 – Probable Maximum Loss 
defined as the estimate of the largest loss from a single fire or peril to be expected, 
assuming the worst single impairment of primary private fire protection systems 
but with secondary protection systems or organizations (such as emergency 
organizations and private and/or public fire department response) functioning 
as intended. Catastrophic conditions like explosions resulting from massive 
release of flammable gases, which might involve large areas of the plant, 
detonation of massive explosives, seismic disturbances, tidal waves or flood, 
falling aircraft, and arson committed in more than one area are excluded in 
this estimate. This definition is a hybrid form between Maximum Possible Loss 
and Estimated Maximum Loss that is generally accepted and frequently used by 
insurers, reinsurers and reinsurance brokers 
4 – Estimated Maximum Loss 
loss that could reasonably be sustained from the contingencies under consider ­
ation, as a result of a single incident considered to be within the realms of 
probability taking into account all factors likely to increase or lessen the extent 
of the loss, but excluding such coincidences and catastrophes which may be 
possible but remain unlikely. 
5 – Other 
other possible underwriting models used. The type of ‘other’ underwriting model 
applied must be explained in the Regular Supervisory Report. 
Although abovementioned definitions are used for the line of business, as defined 
in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, ‘Fire and other damage to 
property insurance and reinsurance’, similar definitions might be in place for 
other lines of business.  
C0150  Estimated Subject Premium 
Income (XL – ESPI)  The amount of the estimated subject premiums income (‘ESPI’) relating to the 
contract period. It is normally the amount of premium referring to the portfolio 
protected under Excess of Loss treaties; in any case it is the amount on which the 
reinsurance premium is calculated by applying the rate. This item is only reported 
for XL treaties.  
C0160  Gross Estimated Treaty 
Premium Income (proportional 
and non proportional)  The amount of premium for 100 % of the treaty relating to the contract period. 
This amount is the equivalent of the 100 % reinsurance premium to be paid to all 
reinsurers for the treaty period, including the premium corresponding to unplaced 
shares.  
C0170  Aggregate deductibles 
(amount)  The amount of franchise, meaning an additional retention when losses are covered 
by the reinsurer only when a certain amount of cumulative losses have taken 
place. This item is reported, when applicable, only if item C0180 is not reported.EN  L 120/1080 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023