 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
This item is not applicable to SPVs for which undertakings using internal model 
use internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use internal 
rating, this item shall be reported.  
C0280  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in 
C0270, by using the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In 
case of ratings issued by subsidiaries of the ECAI please report the parent ECAI 
(the reference is to ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered or certified in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies).  
C0290  Credit quality step  Identify the credit quality step attributed to the SPV. The credit quality step shall 
reflect any readjustments to the credit quality made internally by the undertaking. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1 
2 – Credit quality step 2 
3 – Credit quality step 3 
4 – Credit quality step 4 
5 – Credit quality step 5 
6 – Credit quality step 6 
9 – No rating available  
C0300  Internal rating  Internal rating of the SPV for undertakings using internal model to the extent that 
the internal ratings are used in their internal modelling. If an internal model 
undertaking is using solely external ratings this item shall not be reported.  
S.36.01 – IGT – Equity–type transactions, debt and asset transfer  
General comments:  
This template relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall report all (significant, very significant and transactions required to be reported in all circumstances) 
intra-group transactions between entities of a group related to equity, debt, reciprocal financing (  1 ) and asset transfers.  
These include, but are not limited to:  
— equity and other capital items including participations in related entities and transfer shares of related entities of the 
group;  
— debt including bonds, loans, collateralised debt, and other transactions of similar nature e.g. with periodic pre- 
determined interest or coupon or premium payments for a pre-determined period of time;  
— other asset transfer such as transfer of properties and transfer of shares of other companies unrelated (i.e. outside) to 
the group.  
This template shall include intragroup transactions that were:  
— in-force at the start of the reporting period.  
— incepted during the reporting period and outstanding at the reporting date.  
— incepted and expired/matured during the reporting period.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1095  
( 1 ) As set out in Article 223 of Directive 2009/138/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2009 on the 
takin-up and pursuit of the business of Insurance and Reinsurance.