 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0045  Name of the group (in 
case of group of 
counterparties)  Name of the group in the case more than one of the external counterparties belong to the 
same corporate group  
C0080  Rating  Rating of the counterparty at the reporting reference date issued by the nominated credit 
assessment institution (ECAI). Where two or more credit assessments are available from 
nominated ECAIs and they correspond to different parameters for a rated item, the 
assessment generating the higher capital requirement shall be used;  
C0090  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in C0050;  
C0100  Sector  Identify the economic sector of the external counterparty based on the latest version of 
NACE code (the first level of hierarchy – the letter).  
C0040  Country  Identify the ISO Code (3166-1 alpha-2) of country from which the exposure comes from. If 
there is an issuer of for example an entity, this is the country where the headquarter of the 
entity issuer is located.  
C0110  Entity of the group  The name of the entity of the group involved in the exposures. It concerns all entities and for 
each entity a separate entry has to be reported. If more than one entity of the group is 
involved, for each entity a separate line is necessary.  
C0120  ID code of the Entity of 
the group  Identification code of the undertaking, using the following priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
When the undertaking uses the option ‘Specific code’ the following shall be considered: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings other than insurance and reinsurance undertakings within 
the scope of group supervision: identification code used in the local market, attributed by 
the undertaking’s competent supervisory authority; 
— For non–EEA undertakings and non–regulated undertakings within the scope of group 
supervision, identification code will be provided by the group. When allocating an 
identification code to each non–EEA or non–regulated undertaking, the group should 
comply with the following format in a consistent manner: 
identification code of the parent undertaking + ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the 
country of the undertaking + 5 digits  
C0125  ID code Type of the 
Entity of the group  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the Entity of the group’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific codeEN  L 120/1578 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023