 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060/R0050  Without volatility adjustment 
and without other transitional 
measures – Eligible own funds 
to meet Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated considering technical 
provisions without the adjustments due to the transitional deduction to technical 
provisions, the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term 
structure and the volatility adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the 
matching adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0050  Impact of volatility adjustment 
set to zero – Eligible own 
funds to meet Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR due to the 
application of the volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the 
volatility adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated 
considering the technical provisions without volatility adjustment and without 
other transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated 
with the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0050  Without matching adjustment 
and without all the others – 
Eligible own funds to meet 
Solvency Capital Requirement  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated considering technical 
provisions without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0050  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Eligible own funds to meet 
Solvency Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR due to the 
application of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the 
volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated 
considering the technical provisions without matching adjustment and without all 
the other transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated 
with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0050  Impact of all LTG measures 
and transitionals – Eligible 
own funds to meet Solvency 
Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR due to the 
application of the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0060  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Eligible 
own funds to meet Solvency 
Capital Requirement – Tier 1  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated considering 
technical provisions including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee 
measures and transitional measures.  
C0020/R0060  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – Eligible 
own funds to meet Solvency 
Capital Requirement – Tier 1  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment 
and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.EN  L 120/792 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023