 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
3 – Tier 1 – restricted 
4 – Tier 2 
5 – Tier 3  
C0040  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts –Currency Code  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency. This is the original 
currency.  
C0070  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Counted under 
transitionals?  This shall indicate whether the subordinated mutual member accounts are 
counted under the transitional provisions. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Counted under transitionals 
2 – Not counted under transitionals  
C0080  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Counterparty (if 
specific)  This shall list the counterparty of the subordinated mutual member accounts  
C0090  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Issue date  This is the issue date of the subordinated mutual member accounts. This shall be 
in ISO 8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0100  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Maturity date  This is the maturity date of the subordinated mutual member accounts. This shall 
be in ISO 8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0110  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – First call date  This is the first call date of the subordinated mutual member accounts. This shall 
be in ISO 8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0120  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Details of further 
call dates  These are the further call dates of the subordinated mutual member accounts.  
C0130  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Details of 
incentives to redeem  These are the incentives to redeem the subordinated mutual member accounts.  
C0140  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Notice period  This is the notice of the subordinated mutual member accounts. The date shall be 
entered here, using ISO 8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).EN  L 120/844 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023