 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
NC0110  Type of instrument  Identify the type of instrument. 
The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Bonds/Debt 
2 – Equity type 
3 – Other asset transfer  
NC0120  Instrument  Identify the instrument. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Bonds/Debt – collateralised 
2 – Bonds/Debt – uncollateralised 
3 – Equity type – shares/participations 
4 – Equity type – others 
5 – Other asset transfer – properties 
6 – Other asset transfer – others  
NC0130  Issue date  This is the earlier of the transaction/debt issue date or the date the intragroup transaction is 
effective from, if different from the issue date. 
The date shall follow the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) format.  
NC0140  Maturity date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the date when the transaction expires/reaches 
maturity if applicable. 
— For intragroup transaction with no maturity date use ‘9999-12-31 ’. 
— For perpetual securities use ‘9999-12-31’  
NC0150  Currency of transaction  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency in which the transaction took place.  
NC0160  Amount at transaction 
date  Amount of the transaction at transaction date reported in the reporting currency of the 
group.  
NC0170  Amount at reporting 
date  Outstanding amount of the transaction at the reporting date if applicable e.g. for debt issue, 
reported in the reporting currency of the group. If there has been a full early settlement/pre ­
payment, the balance of contractual amount shall be zero.  
NC0180  Value of collateral  The value of collateral for collaterised debt or asset value for intragroup transaction involving 
asset transfer, reported in the reporting currency of the group.EN  L 120/1554 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023