 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Technical flows 
affecting Technical 
provisions  
C0100–C0110/ 
R0310  Premiums written during 
the period  Amount of written premiums under Solvency II, respectively for Life and Non– 
life.  
C0100–C0110/ 
R0320  Claims and benefits 
during the period, net of 
salvages and subroga ­
tions  Amount of claims and benefits during the period, net of salvages and 
subrogations, respectively for Life and Non–life. 
If amounts are already captured in the closing best estimate, they shall not be part 
of this item.  
C0100–C0110/ 
R0330  Expenses (excluding 
Investment expenses)  Amount of expenses (excluding investment expenses – which are reported under 
S.29.02), respectively for Life and Non–life. 
If amounts are already captured in the closing best estimate, they shall not be part 
of this item.  
C0100–C0110/ 
R0340  Total technical flows on 
gross Technical Provi ­
sions  Total amount of technical flows affecting gross TP.  
C0100–C0110/ 
R0350  Technical flows related to 
reinsurance during the 
period (recoverables 
received net of premiums 
paid)  Total amount of technical flows related to reinsurance recoverable during the 
period, i.e. recoverable received net of premiums, respectively for Life and 
Non–life.  
Variation in Excess of 
Assets over Liabilities 
explained by Technical 
provisions  
C0120–C0130/ 
R0360  Variation in Excess of 
Assets over Liabilities 
explained by Technical 
provisions management 
– Gross Technical Provi ­
sions  This calculation corresponds to the following principle: 
— consider the variation (opening minus closing) in BE, RM, TP calculated as a 
whole and transitional on Technical Provisions; 
— add amount of total technical flows, i.e.: inflows minus outflows on gross 
technical provisions (C0100/R0340 for Life and C0110/R0340 for Non–Life).  
C0120–C0130/ 
R0370  Variation in Excess of 
Assets over Liabilities 
explained by Technical 
provisions management 
– Reinsurance recover ­
ables  This calculation corresponds to the following principle: 
— consider the variation in Reinsurance recoverables; 
— add total amount of technical flows, i.e.: inflows minus outflows, related to 
reinsurance during the period. 
If the amount has a positive impact on Excess of Assets over Liabilities, this shall 
be a positive amount.  
S.29.04 – Detailed analysis per period – Technical flows versus Technical provisions  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be completed on the basis of Solvency II valuation, i.e. written premiums are defined as the 
premiums due to be received by the undertaking in the period. Applying this definition means that written 
premiums in the given year are the premiums actually due to be received in that year, regardless of the coverage 
period. The definition of written premiums is consistent with the definition of ‘premium receivables’.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1057