 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
2 – Maximum Possible Loss 
loss which may occur when the most unfavourable circumstances being more or 
less exceptionally combined, the fire is only stopped by impassable obstacles or 
lack of substance. 
3 – Probable Maximum Loss 
defined as the estimate of the largest loss from a single fire or peril to be expected, 
assuming the worst single impairment of primary private fire protection systems 
but with secondary protection systems or organizations (such as emergency 
organizations and private and/or public fire department response) functioning 
as intended. Catastrophic conditions like explosions resulting from massive 
release of flammable gases, which might involve large areas of the plant, 
detonation of massive explosives, seismic disturbances, tidal waves or flood, 
falling aircraft, and arson committed in more than one area are excluded in 
this estimate. This definition is a hybrid form between Maximum Possible Loss 
and Estimated Maximum Loss that is generally accepted and frequently used by 
insurers, reinsurers and reinsurance brokers 
4 – Estimated Maximum Loss 
loss that could reasonably be sustained from the contingencies under consider ­
ation, as a result of a single incident considered to be within the realms of 
probability taking into account all factors likely to increase or lessen the extent 
of the loss, but excluding such coincidences and catastrophes which may be 
possible but remain unlikely. 
5 – Other 
other possible underwriting models used. The type of ‘other’ underwriting model 
applied must be explained in the Regular Supervisory Report 
Although abovementioned definitions are used for the line of business, as defined 
in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 ‘Fire and other damage to 
property insurance’, similar definitions might be in place for other lines of busi ­
ness.  
C0150  Amount underwriting model  Maximum loss amount of the underwriting risk which is the result of the under ­
writing model used.  
C0160  Sum reinsured on a facultative 
basis, with all reinsurers  The sum reinsured on a facultative basis is part of the sum insured which is 
reinsured on a facultative basis. The amount shall be consistent with the Sum 
insured as specified in C0130 and reflects the maximum liability (100 %) for the 
facultative reinsurers.  
C0170  Facultative reinsurance 
premium ceded to all 
reinsurers for 100 % of the 
reinsurance placement  Expected gross annual or written reinsurance premium, gross of ceding commis ­
sions, ceded to reinsurers for their share.  
Facultative covers life  
C0190  Reinsurance program code  Undertaking specific reinsurance code that links the dominant treaty of 
reinsurance programme which also protects the risk covered by the facultative 
reinsurance. The Reinsurance program code shall be in line with the Reinsurance 
program code of S.30.03 – Outgoing Reinsurance Program in the next reporting 
year.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1067