 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0145  Long-term equity 
investment  Only applicable to CIC categories 3 – Equity and 4 – Collective Investment Undertakings. 
Identify if an equity or collective investment undertaking is classified under the provisions of 
Art. 171a. of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. One of the options in the following closed 
list shall be used: 
1 – Yes 
2 – No 
9 – Not applicable  
C0150  Valuation method  Identify the valuation method used when valuing assets. One of the options in the following 
closed list shall be used: 
1 – quoted market price in active markets for the same assets 
2 – quoted market price in active markets for similar assets 
3 – alternative valuation methods 
4 – adjusted equity methods (applicable for the valuation of participations) 
5 – IFRS equity methods (applicable for the valuation of participations) 
6 – Market valuation according to Article 9(4) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35  
C0160  Acquisition value  Total acquisition value for assets held, clean value without accrued interest. Not applicable to 
CIC categories 7 – Cash and deposits and 8 – Mortgages and Loans.  
C0170  Total Solvency II amount  Value calculated as defined by Article 75 of the Directive 2009/138/EC, which corresponds 
to: 
— the multiplication of ‘Par amount’ (principal amount outstanding measured at par amount 
or nominal amount) by ‘Unit percentage of par amount Solvency II price’ plus ‘Accrued 
interest’, for assets where the first two items are relevant; 
— the multiplication of ‘Quantity’ by ‘Unit Solvency II price’, for assets where these two 
items are relevant (plus ‘Accrued interest’ if applicable); 
— Solvency II value of the asset for assets classifiable under CIC 71 and CIC category 9 – 
Property.  
C0180  Accrued interest  Quantify the amount of accrued interest after the last coupon date for interest bearing assets. 
Note that this value is also part of item Total Solvency II amount.EN  L 120/1190 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023