 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
The net overhead expenses represent the sum of the direct business and the 
accepted reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance under ­
takings.  
C0200/R0110 – 
R1100  Total  Total for different items for all Lines of Business.  
C0200/R1210  Balance – other technical 
expenses/income  Net technical expenses/income not covered by above mentioned expenses/income 
and reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings. Other technical 
expenses/income shall not be split by lines of business. 
Shall not include change in other technical provisions and non–technical 
expenses/income such as tax, interest expenses, losses on disposals, etc. 
The amount of net technical expenses/income shall be reported negative if the 
amount of technical income is larger than the amount of technical expenses.  
C0200/R1300  Total technical expenses  Amount of all technical expenses  
Life insurance and reinsurance obligations  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1410  Premiums written – Gross  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the reporting 
period in respect of insurance contracts, arising from gross business, regardless 
of the fact that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later reporting 
period. Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from 
the written premiums. 
It includes both direct and reinsurance business.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1420  Premiums written – Reinsurers’ 
share  Gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts ceded to reinsurers due 
during the reporting period in respect of insurance contracts regardless of the 
fact that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later reporting period. 
Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the 
written premiums.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1500  Premiums written – net  The net premiums written represent the sum of the direct business and the 
accepted reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance under ­
takings.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1510  Premiums earned – Gross  The sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision for 
unearned premiums related to direct insurance and reinsurance accepted business. 
Amount of taxes or charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the 
premiums earned.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1520  Premiums earned – reinsurers’ 
share  The reinsurer’s share in gross premiums written minus the change in the 
reinsurer’s share in provision for unearned premiums. Amount of taxes or 
charges levied with premiums shall be excluded from the premiums earned.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/659