 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Type of Change  
C0010  Major  The information in this row should refer to a major change (in a given reporting period). 
While several major changes may be batched together for a single  approval , they should be 
separated where there are distinct major changes. Naming convention: Major change 1_Com ­
ponent 1.  
Change ID  
C0020  Change ID  This change ID should be consistent between the solo and the group submission. It is used to 
match the solo changes that correspond to the group change for the reporting period.  
Description of Change  
C0030  Date of approval  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date when approval is granted, according 
to the decision of the NCA’s concerned.  
C0040  Date of submission  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date when the written application for 
approval to the NCA’s concerned (for approved changes) was made.  
C0050  Description of change to 
the policy  Briefly describe the nature of the change and what aspects of the model have been changed.  
C0060  Change resulting from  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Change in risk profile 
2 – Change in input data and assumptions 
3 – Change in methodology 
4 – Other  
C0070  Other categorization and 
explanation  Describe the categorisation if different from column C0060. If filled-in, then use Other 
option in column C0060.  
C0080  Market risk impact  If the market risk charge is impacted by the major model change then indicate it here. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes 
NoEN  L 120/1476 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023