 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
32 – Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to health 
insurance obligations 
33 – Annuities stemming from non–life insurance contracts and relating to 
insurance obligations other than health insurance obligations 
34 – Life reinsurance 
35 – Health insurance 
36 – Health reinsurance If a reinsurance arrangement covers more than one line 
of business, then select the most significant line of business from the list above.  
C0220  Comments  Comments shall contain: 
— a notification if the transaction has not been performed at arm’s length 
— any other relevant information regarding the economic nature of the oper ­
ation  
S.36.05 – IGT – Profit and Loss  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall report the P&L associated to all (significant, very significant and transactions required to be reported 
in all circumstances) intra-group transactions between entities in the scope of the group supervision or P&L transaction 
considered as significant or very significant intragroup transactions or transactions required to be reported in all 
circumstances. These include, but not limited to:  
— Fees;  
— Commissions;  
— Interests;  
— Dividends.  
Intragroup outsourcing or internal cost sharing leading to significant intragroup transactions shall be reported.  
Although interest, dividends are reported in S.36.01, S.36.02 they have to be reported additionally in S.36.05 P&L.  
This template shall include intragroup transactions that were:  
— in-force at the start of the reporting period.  
— incepted during the reporting period and outstanding at the reporting date.  
— incepted and expired/matured during the reporting period.  
Where two or more transactions between entities of the group which, from an economic perspective, contribute to the 
same risk, or, serve the same purpose/objective or are temporally connected in a plan, they shall be considered as a 
single economic operation.  
As such each transaction which is part of a single economic operation shall be reported whenever collectively they are 
at or above the corresponding threshold for significant intra-group transactions, even though individually the trans ­
actions fall below the threshold.  
Any element added to significant intragroup transactions shall be reported as a separate intragroup transaction, even if 
the element in its own right falls below the significant threshold limit. For example, if an undertaking increases the 
initial loan amount to another related undertaking the addition to the loan shall be recorded as a separate item with its 
issue date as the date of the addition.EN  L 120/1114 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023