 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0630/C0010  Share premium relating to pref ­
erence shares – Tier 3 – balance 
brought forward  This is the balance of the share premium account relating to preference 
shares that is tier 3 brought forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0630/C0020  Share premium relating to pref ­
erence shares – Tier 3 – increase  This is the increase in the share premium account relating to preference 
shares that is tier 3 over the reporting period.  
R0630/C0030  Share premium relating to pref ­
erence shares – Tier 3 – reduction  This is the reduction in the share premium account relating to preference 
shares that is tier 3 over the reporting period.  
R0630/C0060  Share premium relating to pref ­
erence shares – Tier 3 – balance 
carried forward  This is the balance of the share premium account relating to preference 
shares that is tier 3 carried forward to the next reporting period.  
R0700/C0010  Share premium relating to pref ­
erence shares –Total – balance 
brought forward  This is the balance of the total share premium account relating to pref ­
erence shares that is brought forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0700/C0020  Share premium relating to pref ­
erence shares –Total – increase  This is the increase in the total share premium account relating to pref ­
erence shares over the reporting period.  
R0700/C0030  Share premium relating to pref ­
erence shares –Total – reduction  This is the reduction in the total share premium account relating to 
preference shares over the reporting period.  
R0700/C0060  Share premium relating to pref ­
erence shares –Total – balance 
carried forward  This is the balance of the total share premium account relating to pref ­
erence shares that is carried forward to the next reporting period.  
Subordinated 
liabilities – 
movements in the 
reporting period  
R0710/C0010  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 1 – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of Tier 1 subordinated liabilities brought forward from 
the previous reporting period.  
R0710/C0070  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 1 – 
issued  This is the amount of Tier 1 subordinated liabilities issued over the 
reporting period.  
R0710/C0080  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 1 – 
redeemed  This is the amount of Tier 1 subordinated liabilities redeemed over the 
reporting period.EN  L 120/1308 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023