 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0340  Life index–linked and unit– 
linked  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for life index–linked 
and unit–linked business.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0350  Deposits to cedants  Deposits relating to reinsurance accepted.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0360  Insurance and intermediaries 
receivables  Amounts for payment by policyholders, insurers and other linked to insurance 
business that are not included in technical provisions. 
It shall include receivables from reinsurance accepted.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0370  Reinsurance receivables  For the ‘Solvency II value’ column (C0010) this cell shall include all expected 
payments (due and past-due) from reinsurers linked to reinsurance business to the 
undertaking that are not included in reinsurance recoverables. 
These should not be included in the item  "any other assets not elsewhere shown ". 
This cell in particular should take into account all expected payments from 
reinsurers to the undertaking corresponding to payments made by the under ­
taking to the policyholders. 
It also shall include all expected payments (due and past-due) from reinsurers in 
relation to other than insurance events or those that have been agreed between 
cedent and reinsurer and where the amount of the expected payment is certain.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0380  Receivables (trade, not insur ­
ance)  Includes amounts receivables from employees or various business partners (not 
insurance–related), including public entities.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0390  Own shares (held directly)  This is the total amount of own shares held directly by the undertaking.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0400  Amounts due in respect of 
own fund items or initial fund 
called up but not yet paid in  Value of the amount due in respect of own fund items or initial fund called up 
but not yet paid in.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0410  Cash and cash equivalents  Notes and coins in circulation that are commonly used to make payments, and 
deposits exchangeable for currency on demand at par and which are directly 
usable for making payments by cheque, draft, giro order, direct debit/credit, or 
other direct payment facility, without penalty or restriction. 
Bank accounts shall not be netted off, thus only positive accounts shall be 
recognised in this item and bank overdrafts shall be shown within liabilities 
unless where both legal right of offset and demonstrable intention to settle net 
exist.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0420  Any other assets, not 
elsewhere shown  This is the amount of any other assets not elsewhere already included within 
balance Sheet items.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0500  Total assets  This is the overall total amount of all assets.  
LiabilitiesEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/625