 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
5 – 5 and 17 Other motor insurance 
6 – 6 and 18 Marine, aviation and transport insurance 
7 – 7 and 19 Fire and other damage to property insurance 
8 – 8 and 20 General liability insurance 
9 – 9 and 21 Credit and suretyship insurance 
10 – 10 and 22 Legal expenses insurance 
11 – 11 and 23 Assistance 
12 – 12 and 24 Miscellaneous financial loss 
25 – Non–proportional health reinsurance 
26 – Non–proportional casualty reinsurance 
27 – Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance 
28 – Non–proportional property reinsurance  
S.19.01 – Non–life insurance claims  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
Claims development triangles show the insurer’s estimate of the cost of claims (claims paid and claims provisions under 
Solvency II valuation principle) and how this estimate develops over time.  
Three set of triangles are required regarding claims paid, best estimate of claims provisions and RBNS claims.  
This template shall be reported for each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, 
and material considering the following specifications:  
i. reporting by line of business: it is required to report lines of business 1–12 (as reported in S.17.01) for both direct 
and accepted proportional reinsurance (to be reported together) and lines of business 25–28 for accepted non– 
proportional reinsurance representing a coverage of 90 % of the non-life Technical Provisions. Lines of business 
should be selected using a decreasing order of technical provisions;  
ii. If the total gross best estimate for one non–life line of business represents more than 10 % of the total gross best 
estimate of the claims provision the information shall be reported with the following split by currencies in addition 
to the total for the line of business:  
a) Amounts for any currency that represents more than 25 % of the gross best estimate of the claims provisions 
from that non–life line of business; or  
b) Amounts for any currency that represents less than 25 % of the gross best estimate of the claims provisions from 
that non–life line of business but more than 5 % of total gross best estimate of the claims provisions.  
iii. If the total gross best estimate for one non–life line of business represents less than 10 % of the total gross best 
estimate of the claims provision no currency split is required, only the total for the line of business shall be reported.  
iv. The information by currency shall be reported in the original currency of the contracts unless otherwise specified.  
v. For captive insurance and reinsurance undertakings complying with the conditions specified in Article 5(4) and (5), 
this template shall be reported without the currency split i.e. Z0030 is reported always as Total.  
The negative technical provisions at the level of the line of business or currencies shall be considered with absolute value 
for the purpose of the calculation of the materiality of the above thresholds.  
Undertakings are required to report data on an accident year or underwriting year basis, in accordance with any 
requirements of the National Supervisory Authority. If the National Supervisory Authority has not stipulated which 
to use then the undertaking may use accident or underwriting year according to how they manage each line of business, 
provided that they use the same year consistently, year on year.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/765