 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050/R0090  Impact of transitional on 
interest rate – Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the transitional 
adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure. 
It shall be the difference between the SCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate 
term structure and the SCR calculated with the technical provisions reported 
under C0020.  
C0060/R0090  Without volatility adjustment 
and without other transitional 
measures – Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Total amount of SCR calculated considering Technical provisions without the 
adjustments due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, the transi ­
tional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the 
volatility adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the matching 
adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0090  Impact of volatility adjustment 
set to zero – Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the volatility 
adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the volatility adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the SCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without volatility adjustment and without other transitional measures 
and the SCR calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0090  Without matching adjustment 
and without all the others – 
Solvency Capital Requirement  Total amount of SCR calculated considering Technical provisions without any 
LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0090  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Solvency Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the matching 
adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the volatility adjustment and the 
matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the SCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without matching adjustment and without all the other transitional 
measures and the SCR calculated with the technical provisions reported under 
C0060.  
C0100/R0090  Impact of all LTG measures 
and transitionals – Solvency 
Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the SCR due to the application of the LTG measures 
and transitionals.  
C0010/R0100  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Eligible 
own funds to meet Minimum 
Capital Requirement  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet MCR calculated considering technical 
provisions including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures 
and transitional measures.  
C0020/R0100  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – Eligible 
own funds to meet Minimum 
Capital Requirement  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet MCR calculated considering technical 
provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical 
provisions, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the 
matching adjustment.EN  L 120/798 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023