 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0150/R0210  Technical Provisions minus 
Recoverables from reinsur ­
ance/SPV and Finite Re – Total 
– Total (Life other than health 
insurance, including Unit– 
Linked)  Total amount of Technical Provisions minus Recoverables from reinsurance/SPV 
and Finite Re for Life other than health insurance, including Unit–Linked, 
including technical provisions calculated as a whole and after the transitional 
deduction to technical provisions.  
C0210/R0210  Technical Provisions minus 
Recoverables from reinsur ­
ance/SPV and Finite Re – Total 
– Total (Health similar to life 
insurance)  Total amount of Technical Provisions minus Recoverables from reinsurance/SPV 
and Finite Re for Health similar to life insurance, including technical provisions 
calculated as a whole and after the transitional deduction to technical provisions.  
Best Estimate of products with a surrender option  
C0020, C0030, 
C0060, C0090, 
C0100, C0160, 
C0190/R0220  Best Estimate of products with 
a surrender option  Amount of gross Best Estimate of products with a surrender option per each line 
of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
This amount shall also be included in R0030 to R0090.  
C0150/R0220  Best Estimate of products with 
a surrender option – Total 
(Life other than health 
insurance, including Unit– 
Linked)  Total amount of gross Best Estimate of products with a surrender option for Life 
other than health insurance, including Unit–Linked. 
This amount shall also be included in R0030 to R0090.  
C0210/R0220  Best Estimate of products with 
a surrender option – Total 
(Health similar to life insur ­
ance)  Total amount of gross Best Estimate of products with a surrender option for 
Health similar to life insurance. 
This amount shall also be included in R0030 to R0090.  
Gross BE for Cash flow  
C0030, C0060, 
C0090, C0160, 
C0190, 
C0200/R0230  Gross Best Estimate for Cash 
flow, Cash out–flow, Future 
guaranteed and discretionary 
benefits  Amount of discounted Cash out–flows (payments to policyholders and benefici ­
aries) for future guaranteed benefits and for future discretionary benefits, per each 
line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
Future Discretionary Benefits means future benefits other than index–linked or 
unit–linked benefits of insurance or reinsurance contracts which have one of the 
following characteristics: 
a) The benefits are legally or contractually based on one or several of the 
following results: 
i. the performance of a specified group of contracts or a specified type of 
contract or a single contract; 
ii. the realised or unrealised investment return on a specified pool of assets 
held by the insurance or reinsurance undertaking; 
iii. the profit or loss of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking or fund 
corresponding to the contract; 
b) the benefits are based on a declaration of the insurance or reinsurance under ­
taking and the timing or the amount of the benefits is at its full or partial 
discretion.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/715