 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0320/R0610  Total undiversified risk: 
Life underwriting, 
Health underwriting, Life 
and Health underwriting  The sum of all (sub-) SCRs. 
For lapse, please choose the sum as appropriate to the splits presented on the 
most granular level. 
Examples: (1) If lapse increase and lapse decrease and mass lapse are available 
please sum up these. Irrespectively if the lapse split is additionally available. (2) If 
mass lapse and lapse split are available and also lapse split sublevels, please take 
the sum of mass lapse and lapse split. If only sublevels of lapse split are available, 
please chose those.  
C0320/R0620  Diversification: 
Life underwriting, 
Health underwriting, Life 
and Health underwriting  The diversification between the sub risks. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value.  
C0320/R0630  Diversified risk: 
Life underwriting, 
Health underwriting, Life 
and Health underwriting  The aggregated SCR Life and Health risk after aggregating all sub risks.  
S.26.15 – Internal model: Operational risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and groups.  
Each undertaking can use their own operational risks classification.  
The columns C0020-C0060 contain information on the scenarios defined by the undertaking. In case of multi-tier 
classifications, data on at least the two highest levels of operational risk should be provided (define L1 as the highest 
level and L2 the immediately lower one, if present). All the information to be filled in is related to the one year 
forecasted loss probability distributions.  
For an event type category defined as Level 1 (L1) occurrence, all numerical information (SCR, quantiles) should refer to 
the aggregation of the risk made at that level. Of course, each category identified in the Level 2 (L2) occurrence could 
come from an aggregation of lower levels loss distributions.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1471