 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0240  Loans on policies  Loans made to policyholders, collateralised on policies (underlying technical provisions). 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
loans on policies, loans and mortgages to individuals and other loans and mortgages is 
not available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0250  Loans and mortgages to 
individuals  Financial assets created when creditors lend funds to debtors – individuals, with 
collateral or not, including cash pools. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
loans on policies, loans and mortgages to individuals and other loans and mortgages is 
not available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0260  Other loans and mort ­
gages  Financial assets created when creditors lend funds to debtors – others, not classifiable in 
item R0240 or R0250, with collateral or not, including cash pools. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split between 
loans on policies, loans and mortgages to individuals and other loans and mortgages is 
not available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0270  Reinsurance recoverables 
from:  This is the total amount of reinsurance recoverables. It corresponds to the amount of 
reinsurer share of technical provisions (including Finite reinsurance and SPV). 
For the ‘Solvency II value’ column (C0010) this cell in particular should include all 
expected payments from reinsurers to the undertaking (or vice versa) corresponding to 
payments not yet made by the undertaking to policyholders (or by policyholders to the 
undertaking). All expected payments from reinsurers to the undertaking (or vice versa) 
corresponding to payments already made by the undertaking to policyholders (or by 
policyholders to the undertaking) should be included in reinsurance receivables (or 
reinsurance payables).  
C0010– 
C0020/R0280  Non–life and health 
similar to non–life  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for non–life and health 
similar to non–life. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split between 
non–life excluding health and health similar to non–life is not available this item shall 
reflect the sum.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0290  Non–life excluding health  Reinsurance recoverables in respect of technical provisions for non–life business, 
excluding technical provisions for health– similar to non –life.EN  L 120/1144 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023