 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0100  Number of RFF/MAP 
with sub RFF/MAP  For the funds with other funds embedded (option 1 reported in item C0070) 
identify the number as defined for item C0040. 
The fund shall be repeated for as many rows as needed to report the funds 
embedded.  
C0110  Number of sub RFF/MAP  Identify the number of the funds embedded in other funds as defined for item 
C0040.  
C0120  Sub RFF/MAP  Identify if the nature of the fund embedded in other funds. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Ring–fenced fund 
2 – Matching portfolio  
S.02.01 – Balance sheet  
General comments:  
This section relates to the quarterly and annual submission of information for groups, ring-fenced funds and remaining 
part.  
This template is relevant when method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based method) is used, either exclusively or in 
combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method). Holdings in related undertakings that are not 
consolidated row by row in accordance with Article 335, paragraph 1, (a), (b) or (c) of the Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35, including the holdings in related undertakings included with method 2 when combination of 
methods is used, shall be included in the item ‘Holdings in related undertakings, including participations ’.  
Template SR.02.01 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a), (b) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
The ‘Solvency II value’ column (C0010) shall be completed using the valuation principles set out in the Directive 
2009/138/EC, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, Technical Standards issued under Directive 2009/138/EC and EIOPA 
Guidelines.  
With regards to the ‘Statutory accounts value’ column (C0020), recognition and valuation methods are the ones used by 
groups in their statutory accounts in accordance with the local GAAP or IFRS if accepted as local GAAP. This column is 
by default mandatory. In the specific cases where the group does not produce official financial statements according to 
local GAAP or IFRS the specific situation should be discussed with the group supervisor. In template SR.02.01 this 
column is only applicable if the development of financial statements by RFF is required by national law.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1139