 
C0480/R2000  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for non–proportional property 
reinsurance. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without deduction of 
the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special Purpose Vehicles.  
C0490/R2000  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific retrocession contracts 
and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from accepted non–propor ­
tional property reinsurance, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0500/R2000  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums  The estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the group’s specific retro ­
cession contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from 
accepted non–proportional property reinsurance.  
C0510/R2000  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the group’s 
specific retrocession contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising 
from accepted non–proportional property reinsurance.  
Man–made catastrophe 
risk – Motor Vehicle 
Liability  
C0520/R2100  Number of vehicles 
policy limit above 24M 
EUR  Number of vehicles insured by the insurance or reinsurance group in lines of 
business Motor vehicle liability insurance, including proportional reinsurance 
obligations, with a deemed policy limit above 24 000 000 Euro.  
C0530/R2100  Number of vehicles 
policy limit below or 
equal to 24M EUR  Number of vehicles insured by the insurance or reinsurance group in lines of 
business lines of business Motor vehicle liability insurance, including proportional 
reinsurance obligations, with a deemed policy limit below or equal to 24 000 000 
Euro.  
C0540/R2100  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Motor Vehicle Liability 
before risk mitigation  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for Motor Vehicle 
Liability risk.  
C0550/R2100  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific retrocession contracts 
and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from Motor Vehicle Liability, 
excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0560/R2100  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums  The estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the group’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from 
Motor Vehicle Liability.  
C0570/R2100  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Motor Vehicle Liability 
after risk mitigation  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the group’s 
specific retrocession contracts and special purpose vehicles, relating to risks 
arising from Motor Vehicle Liability.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1503