 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020/R0330  Value of guarantee/col ­
lateral/contingent 
liabilities – Contingent 
liabilities in Solvency II 
Balance Sheet  Solvency II value of the contingent liabilities in Solvency II Balance Sheet. This value 
shall only be reported in relation to contingent liabilities for which a value in item 
C0010/R0330 in S.03.01 was reported. 
If this value is lower than C0010/R0740 in S.02.01 an explanation shall be provided in 
the narrative reporting.  
C0050/R0510  Unlimited guarantees – 
received  Indication if the unlimited guarantees received exists. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
0 – no unlimited guarantees received; 
1 – Unlimited guarantees received only from group; 
2 – Unlimited guarantees received only from outside the group; 
3 – Unlimited guarantees received from group and from outside the group.  
C0050/R0520  Unlimited guarantees – 
provided  Indication if the unlimited guarantees provided exists. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
0 – no unlimited guarantees provided; 
1 – Unlimited guarantees provided only by group; 
2 – Unlimited guarantees provided only by an entity outside the group; 
3 – Unlimited guarantees provided by group and by entity outside the group.  
S.05.01 – Premiums, claims and expenses by line of business  
General comments:  
This section relates to the quarterly and annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported from a consolidated accounting perspective, i.e.: Local GAAP or IFRS if accepted as local 
GAAP but using Solvency II lines of business. Groups shall use the recognition and valuation basis as for the published 
financial statements, no new recognition or re–valuation is required, unless otherwise stated in these instructions, except 
for the classification between investment contracts and insurance contracts or different reporting requirements when this 
is applicable in the financial statements. This template shall include all insurance business regardless of the possible 
different classification between investment contracts and insurance contracts applicable in the financial statements.  
Written/earned premiums shall be reported as defined in Article 1(11) and (12) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 
regardless of whether a local GAAP or IFRS is used.  
The template is based on a year–to–date basis.  
This template covers only insurance and reinsurance business within the scope of the consolidated financial statements.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1163