 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0700/C0080  Diversification within 
market risk module – 
gross  This is the diversification effect within the market risk module as a result of the 
aggregation of the gross capital requirements (before loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value when it reduces the capital 
requirement.  
Total solvency capital 
requirement for market 
risk  
R0800/C0060  Total market risk – Net 
solvency capital 
requirement  This is the total net capital charge for all market risks, after loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions, calculated using the standard formula.  
R0800/C0080  Gross solvency capital 
for market risk  This is the total gross capital charge for all market risks, excluding loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions, calculated using the standard formula.  
Currency used as a 
reference to calculate 
the currency risk  
R0810/C0090  Currency used as a 
reference to calculate the 
currency risk  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency that is used as a reference 
to calculate the currency risk  
S.26.02 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Counterparty default risk  
General comments  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.02 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
Template SR.26.02 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a), (b) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
For group reporting the following specific requirements shall be met:  
a) This information is applicable when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Solvency II Directive is used, either 
exclusively or in combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC;EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1371