 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0240/C0160  Health SLT lapse risk 
(up) – Average rate t+1  Average lapse rate for policies with positive surrender strains.  
R0240/C0190  Health SLT lapse risk 
(up) – Average run off 
period  Average period in years over which the policies with a positive surrender strain 
run off.  
R0250/C0140  Health SLT lapse risk 
(down) – Surrender strain  Sum of all negative surrender strains as defined in Article 102 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0250/C0160  Health SLT lapse risk 
(down) – Average rate 
t+1  Average lapse rate for policies with negative surrender strains.  
R0250/C0190  Health SLT lapse risk 
(down) – Average run off 
period  Average period in years over which the policies with a negative surrender strain 
run off.  
R0260/C0180  Health expense risk – 
Modified duration  Modified duration in years of the cash flows included in the best estimate of 
health insurance and reinsurance obligations.  
R0260/C0210  Health expense risk – 
Payments  Expenses paid related to health insurance and reinsurance during the last 12 
months.  
R0260/C0220  Health expense risk – 
Average inflation rate  Weighted average inflation rate included in the calculation of the best estimate of 
these obligations, weighted by the present value of expenses included in the 
calculation of the best estimate for servicing existing health obligations.  
Market risk – Market 
risk concentrations  
R0300/C0300  Debt portfolio share  The share of the debt portfolio for which a simplified SCR calculation has been 
made. 
To be reported only in case undertaking is exempted from reporting template 
S.06.02  
NAT CAT simplifica ­
tionsEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1419