 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0280  Description of others  Description of the other instruments that are reported in C0200  
C0290  Indirect exposures  Total amount of the exposures allocated to the guarantor or to the issuer of the collateral 
rather than to the immediate borrower. The protected reference original exposure (direct 
exposure) shall be deducted from the exposure to the original borrower in the columns of 
‘Eligible credit risk mitigation techniques’. The indirect exposure shall increase the exposure 
to the guarantor or issuer of collateral via substitution effect.  
C0300  Transactions where there 
is an exposure to 
underlying assets  Total amount of exposure through transactions such as securitisation positions or exposures 
in the form of units or shares in collective investment undertakings (‘CIUs’) or through other 
transactions where there is an exposure to underlying assets,  
C0160  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the exposure  
C0150  Total amount of the 
exposure  Total exposure towards a single counterparty, where the asset and liabilities due from and to 
a single counterparty are netted off to define the total net maximum exposure, where 
possible. The Total exposure measures the market direction towards a single counterparty 
and is defined as: Long exposure + short exposure (in contrary to a gross maximum 
exposure which is not requested here (= long exposure + absolute value of short exposure)). 
No account shall be taken of any risk mitigation instruments or techniques when determining 
this item.  
C0310  Credit or insurance risk 
mitigation technique  Any deduction that come from the application of insurance or risk mitigation technique 
allowed such as reinsurance, the use of derivatives. 
With regard to insurance exposures, in case of non-proportional reinsurance encompassing 
more than one counterparty, the deductions should be allocated proportionally or, alter ­
natively, according to justifiable break-down agreed with the group supervisor.  
C0320  Exemptions  Any deduction that come from the application of exemptions according to Article 187 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35)  
C0330  Amount of the exposures 
after Credit or insurance 
risk mitigation technique 
and exemptions  Amount of the exposures after Credit or insurance risk mitigation technique and exemptions 
(net amount)  
S.37.02 – Risk Concentration – Exposure by currency, sector, country  
General comments:  
The tables shall include the risk concentration between entities in the scope of group supervision and third parties. All 
exposures should be represented by currency, sector and country, starting from the maximum exposure to the minimum 
one. In case the country, sector or currency is not relevant the figures may be reported under an ‘Other’ category.  
The ‘sector’ should be presented in the split for NACE code 1st level of disaggregation (letter). The tables shall be based 
on all the exposures (full balance sheet) after credit or insurance risk mitigation technique and exemptions (net amount).EN  L 120/1580 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023