 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0140/R0180  Total Claims reported during 
the year, Closed Claims at the 
end of the year, settled with 
payment – Number of claims 
ended with payments  Total number of claims reported during the year and settled with payments.  
C0150/R0180  Total Claims reported during 
the year, Closed Claims at the 
end of the year, settled with 
payment – Gross payments 
made during the current year  Gross payments, net of salvage and subrogation, made during the current year in 
relation to claims reported during the year and settled with payments. 
The amount includes all the elements that compose the claim itself but excludes 
any expenses except those attributable to specific claims.  
C0160/R0180  Total Claims reported during 
the year, Closed Claims at the 
end of the year, settled without 
any payment – Number of 
claims ended without any 
payment  Total number of claims reported during the year and settled without any payment.  
S.21.01 – Loss distribution risk profile  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual undertakings.  
This template shall be reported for each material non-life line of Business for direct business, as defined in Annex I to 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, representing a coverage of 90 % of the non-life technical provisions. Line of 
business shall be reported in accordance with the amount of technical provisions, i.e. the line of business with the 
highest amount of technical provisions.  
The negative technical provisions at the level of the line of business shall be considered with absolute value for the 
purpose of the calculation of the materiality of the threshold.  
The loss distribution profile non–life shows the distribution, in (predefined) brackets, of the accumulated claims incurred 
at the end of the reporting year.  
Accumulated claims incurred means the sum of gross claims paid and gross reported but not settled claims (RBNS) on a 
case-by-case basis for each and every single claim, open or closed, which belongs to a specific accident year (‘AY’)/ 
underwriting year (‘UWY’) (AY/UWY). Claims incurred amounts include all the elements that compose the claim itself 
but excludes any expenses except those attributable to specific claims. Data regarding claims shall be reported net of 
salvage and subrogation. Historical data, starting from the first time application of Solvency II, is required.  
Undertakings are required to report data on an accident year or underwriting year basis, in accordance with any 
requirements of the National Supervisory Authority. If the National Supervisory Authority has not stipulated which 
to use then the undertaking may use accident or underwriting year according to how they manage each line of business, 
as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, provided that they use the same year consistently, year on 
year.EN  L 120/776 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023