 
C0350/R1630 – 
R1710  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
specified Region  Capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Hails in each of the 11 
specified Regions corresponding to the larger of scenario A or B.  
C0350/R1720  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Hail specified 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Hails for the 
11 specified regions.  
C0350/R1910  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Hail Other Regions 
before diversification  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for Hail risk in regions other than 
the specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0350/R1920  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Hail All Regions 
before diversification  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Hails for all 
regions.  
C0350/R1930  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect 
between regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the Hail risks relating to the 
different regions (both specified Regions and other regions).  
C0350/R1940  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Hail after diversifi ­
cation  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for Hail risk, taking into 
consideration the diversification effect given in C0350/R1930.  
C0360/R1630 – 
R1710  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
—specified Region  Per each of the 11 specified Regions the estimated risk mitigation effect, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, of the group’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the 
estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0360/R1720  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Hail specified 
Region before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the estimated risk mitigation for the 11 specified regions.  
C0360/R1910  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Hail Other 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation 
effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1499