 
Facultative placements covering different lines of business shall also appear in the various relevant line of business if 
they are ranked within the 20 largest facultative reinsurance exposures plus the largest two in each line of business if 
not covered by the 20 largest risks of the same line of business.  
This template should only be reported if the reinsurance recoverables are higher than 10 % of the Best Estimate 
calculated separately for life and non-life business.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Facultative covers non–life  
C0020  Reinsurance program code  Undertaking specific reinsurance code that links the dominant treaty of 
reinsurance programme which also protects the risk covered by the facultative 
reinsurance. The Reinsurance program code shall be in line with the Reinsurance 
program code of S.30.03 – Outgoing Reinsurance Program in the next reporting 
year.  
C0030  Risk identification code  For each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, of non–life insurance a selection shall be made of the 20 largest facul ­
tative reinsurance exposures (part of sum insured transferred to all reinsurers) 
overall plus the largest two in each line of business if not covered by the 20 
largest that are subject to facultative reinsurance in force in the next reporting 
period (also if they originated in preceding years). The code is a unique identifying 
number assigned by the insurer that identifies the risk and shall remain unchanged 
for subsequent annual reports. 
This code once assigned shall not be reused for another risk even when the risk to 
which the code was originally assigned does not exist anymore. 
When one risk affects more than one line of business the same code can be used 
for all the lines of business affected.  
C0040  Facultative reinsurance 
placement identification code  Each facultative reinsurance placement must be assigned a sequence number 
which is unique for the risk. The facultative reinsurance placement identification 
code is entity specific.  
C0041  Line of business for non-life  Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Medical expense insurance 
2 – Income protection insurance 
3 – Workers’ compensation insurance 
4 – Motor vehicle liability insurance 
5 – Other motor insurance 
6 – Marine, aviation and transport insurance 
7 – Fire and other damage to property insurance 
8 – General liability insurance 
9 – Credit and suretyship insurance 
10 – Legal expenses insurance 
11 – Assistance 
12 – Miscellaneous financial lossEN  L 120/1064 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023