 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
(a) Its value changes in response to the change in a specified interest rate, 
financial instrument price, commodity price, foreign exchange (‘FX’) rate, 
index of prices or rates, credit rating or credit index, or other variable, 
provided in the case of a non–financial variable that the variable is not 
specific to a party to the contract (sometimes called the ‘underlying’). 
(b) It requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment that is smaller 
than would be required for other types of contracts that would be expected to 
have a similar response to changes in market factors. 
(c) It is settled at a future date. 
Solvency II value, only if positive, of the derivative as of the reporting date is 
reported here (in case of negative value, see R0790).  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0200  Deposits other than cash 
equivalents  Deposits other than cash equivalents that cannot be used to make payments until 
before a specific maturity date and that are not exchangeable for currency or 
transferable deposits without any kind of significant restriction or penalty.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0210  Other investments  Other investments not covered already within investments reported above.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0220  Assets held for index–linked 
and unit–linked contracts  Assets held for index–linked and unit–linked contracts (classified in line of 
business 31 as defined in Annex I of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35).  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0230  Loans and mortgages  This is the total amount of loans and mortgages, i.e. financial assets created when 
undertakings lend funds, either with or without collateral, including cash pools. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020) – where the split of 
the split of loans & mortgages is not available, this item shall reflect the sum  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0240  Loans on policies  Loans made to policyholders, collateralised on policies (underlying technical provi ­
sions). 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split 
between loans on policies, loans and mortgages to individuals and other loans 
and mortgages is not available, this item shall not be reported.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0250  Loans and mortgages to indi ­
viduals  Financial assets created when creditors lend funds to debtors – individuals, with 
collateral or not, including cash pools. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where– the split 
between loans on policies, loans and mortgages to individuals and other loans 
and mortgages is not available, this item shall not be reported.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/623