 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0050/C0010  Simplifications used: life 
expense risk  Identify whether an undertaking within the scope of group supervision used 
simplifications for the calculation of life expense risk. The following options 
shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0050/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0500.  
R0060/C0010  Simplifications used: life 
catastrophe risk  Identify whether an undertaking within the scope of group supervision used 
simplifications for the calculation of life catastrophe risk. The following options 
shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0060/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0700.  
Life underwriting risk  
R0100/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to mortality risk, before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0100/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Mortality risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to mortality risk, before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – 
Mortality risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to mortality risk after the shock (i. 
e. permanent increase in mortality rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0100/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Mortality 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to risk, after the shock (i.e. permanent increase in 
mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1377