 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0150/C0220  Life expense risk – 
Average inflation rate  Weighted average inflation rate included in the calculation of the best estimate of 
those obligations, where the weights are based on the present value of expenses 
included in the calculation of the best estimate for servicing existing life 
obligations.  
R0160/C0120  Life catastrophe risk – 
Capital at risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 96 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
Health underwriting 
risk  
R0200/C0120  Health mortality risk – 
Capital at risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 97 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35 for all obligations subject to health mortality risk.  
R0200/C0160  Health mortality risk – 
Average rate t+1  Average mortality rate during the following 12 months (t+1) weighted by sum 
insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0200/C0180  Health mortality risk – 
Modified duration  Modified duration in years of all payments payable on death included in the best 
estimate for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0210/C0150  Health longevity risk – 
Best estimate  Best estimate of obligations subject to health longevity risk.  
R0210/C0160  Health longevity risk – 
Average rate t+1  Average mortality rate during the following 12 months (t+1) weighted by sum 
insured for policies where a decrease in the mortality rate leads to an increase in 
technical provisions.  
R0210/C0180  Health longevity risk – 
Modified duration  Modified duration in years of all payments to beneficiaries included in the best 
estimate for policies where a decrease in the mortality rate leads to an increase in 
technical provisions.  
R0220/C0180  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (medical 
expense) – Modified 
duration  Modified duration in years of the cash flows included in the best estimate of 
medical expense insurance and reinsurance obligations.  
R0220/C0210  Health disability– 
morbidity risk (medical 
expense) – Payments  Expenses paid related to medical expense insurance and reinsurance during the 
last 12 months.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1417