 
S.26.14 – Internal model: Life and Health underwriting risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and groups.  
In this template, the results of internal models for Life and Health SLT underwriting risk are reported. If insurers also 
integrate Health NSLT underwriting risk in the Life + Health SLT underwriting risk model structure, the results of the 
Health NSLT model should also be reported in this template.  
Depending on the structure of Life and Health SLT underwriting risk modelling, one of the two blocks for longevity and 
mortality risk should be used. If the internal model structure is such that Mortality and Longevity risks are modelled 
together, then for these risks only R0270 where these risks are combined, shall be reported.  
In general, if cells cannot be sensibly reported an alternative should be selected. For example, if an undertaking cannot 
separate trend, level or volatility modelling within a submodule, then information should be provided at the 
corresponding aggregate level.  
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
OPTION 1 – LIFE RISK  
C0010/R0010, 
R0060, R0250, 
R0270 
C0030-C0040/ 
R0110  Net Best Estimate 
liability + Technical 
provisions calculated as a 
whole  Best estimate shall be reported net of reinsurance and refers to the products of the 
life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category. TPs 
calculated as a whole should be taken in as well. 
The split for disability-morbidity risk aggregate refers to annuities paid out (‘APO’) 
or not (‘ANPO’).  
C0050/R0010, 
R0060, R0110, 
R0250, R0270  Net Written Premiums  The total of the written premiums net of reinsurance shall be reported for the 
products of the life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk 
category.  
C0060/R0010, 
R0060, R0110, 
R0250, R0270  Sum insured  The total sum insured shall be reported for the products of the life insurance 
portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0070/R0010- 
R0270  Solvency Capital 
Requirements  The SCR for the relevant risk category, net of reinsurance. 
The following explanations apply for C0070 – C0260: 
For the aggregate risks, the SCR after aggregation over the underlying sub-risks 
should be reported. 
For lapse risk the following applies: 
— ‘Lapse’ covers exercising contractual options in a general sense. 
— Risk of increase in lapse rates (R0170) and decrease of lapse rates (R0180) are 
lapse risks other than mass lapse risk, where R0170 (R0180) covers the part 
of the business leading to a loss if lapse rates increase (decrease) as defined in 
the internal model.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1467