 
The default brackets to be used are defined in euros. For different reporting currencies each relevant supervisory 
authority shall define the equivalent options for the amounts to be used in the 20 brackets.  
An undertaking may use undertaking specific brackets, in particular when incurred losses are lower than EUR 100 000. 
The brackets chosen shall be used consistently over the reporting periods, unless the distribution of claims changes 
significantly. In this case the undertaking shall notify the supervisory authority in advance, unless already specified by 
the supervisory authority.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Line of business  Identification of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Medical expense insurance 
2 – Income protection insurance 
3 – Workers’ compensation insurance 
4 – Motor vehicle liability insurance 
5 – Other motor insurance 
6 – Marine, aviation and transport insurance 
7 – Fire and other damage to property insurance 
8 – General liability insurance 
9 – Credit and suretyship insurance 
10 – Legal expenses insurance 
11 – Assistance 
12 – Miscellaneous financial loss  
Z0020  Accident year/underwriting 
year  Report the standard used by the undertakings for reporting of template S.19.01. 
The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Accident year 
2 – Underwriting year  
C0030/R0010 
to R0210  Start claims incurred  Start amount of the interval of the corresponding bracket. 
In case the reporting currency is in Euros, one of the following 5 base options 
based on the normal loss distribution can be used: 
1 – 20 brackets of 5000 plus 1 extra open bracket for accumulated incurred 
losses > 100 000. 
2 – 20 brackets of 50000 plus 1 extra open bracket for accumulated incurred 
losses > 1 million. 
3 – 20 brackets of 250 000 plus 1 extra open bracket for accumulated incurred 
losses > 5 million. 
4 – 20 brackets of 1 million plus 1 extra open bracket for accumulated incurred 
losses > 20 million. 
5 – 20 brackets of 5 million plus 1 extra open bracket for accumulated incurred 
losses > 100 million. 
However, an undertaking shall use undertaking specific brackets, in particular 
when accumulated incurred losses < 100 000 to guarantee that the level of 
detail is sufficient to provide adequate insight in the distribution of the 
accumulated claims incurred, unless already specified by the supervisory authority.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/777