 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060  RFF/MAP/Remaining part of a 
fund  Indicate if it is a ring-fenced fund or a matching portfolio. In the cases where 
other funds are included within one fund this cell shall identify the type of each 
fund or sub–fund. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Ring–fenced fund 
2 – Matching portfolio 
3 – Remaining part of a fund  
C0070  RFF/MAP with sub RFF/MAP  Identify if the fund identified has other funds embedded. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Fund with other funds embedded 
2 – Not a fund with other funds embedded 
Only the ‘mother’ fund shall be identified with option 1.  
C0080  Material  Indicate if the ring–fenced fund or a matching portfolio is material for the 
purposes of detailed submission of information. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Material 
2 – Not material 
In case of fund with other funds embedded, this item is to be reported only for 
the ‘mother’ fund.  
C0090  Article 304  Indicate whether the RFF is under Article 304 of Solvency II Directive. One of the 
following options shall be used: 
1 – RFF under Article 304 – with the option for the equity risk sub–module 
2 – RFF under Article 304 – without the option for the equity risk sub–module 
3 – RFF not under Article 304  
List of RFF/MAP with sub RFF/MAP  
C0100  Number of RFF/MAP with sub 
RFF/MAP  For the funds with other funds embedded (option 1 reported in item C0070) 
identify the number as defined for item C0040. 
The fund shall be repeated for as many rows as needed to report the funds 
embedded.  
C0110  Number of sub RFF/MAP  Identify the number of the funds embedded in other funds as defined for item 
C0040.  
C0120  Sub RFF/MAP  Identify if the nature of the fund embedded in other funds. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Ring–fenced fund 
2 – Matching portfolioEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/619