 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
NC0070  Sector of the issuer/bor ­
rower  If the issuer/borrower is part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) of 
Directive 2002/87/EC, indicate: ‘banking sector’, ‘insurance and reinsurance sector’ 
‘investments services sector’. 
If the issuer/borrower is not part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) of 
Directive 2002/87/EC indicate ‘other undertaking of the group’.  
NC0080  Indirect transactions  If reported intra-group transaction is part of an indirect transaction (cf. General comments 
supra), report the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the related transaction in this cell. 
If more than two transactions are related, the ID code of the first related transaction needs to 
be reported as a reference to link all interconnected transactions. 
If the reported IGT is not part of an indirect transaction, indicate No.  
NC0090  Single economic oper ­
ation  If the reported IGT is part of single economic operation (cf. General comments supra), report 
the ‘ID of intragroup transaction’ (C0010) of the related transaction in this cell. If more than 
two transactions are related, the ID code of the first related transaction needs to be reported 
as a reference to link all interconnected transactions. 
If the reported IGT is not part of single economic operation, indicate No  
NC0100  ID Code of the 
instrument  This is the identification code of the instrument (capital, debt etc.) between the two counter ­
parties identified using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available. This code 
shall be consistent over time. 
This may be different from the intragroup transaction code provided in cell C0010.  
NC0101  ID Code Type of the 
instrument  Type of ID Code used for the ‘ID Code of the instrument’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO 6166 for ISIN code 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures number assigned 
by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn-Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertakingEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1553