 
Undertakings are required to report data on an accident year or underwriting year basis, in accordance with any 
requirements of the National Supervisory Authority. If the National Supervisory Authority has not stipulated which 
to use then the undertaking may use accident or underwriting year according to how they manage each line of business, 
as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, provided that they use the same year consistently, year on 
year.  
This template shall be reported by non–life line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, originating the annuity and by currency, considering the following specifications:  
i. If the best estimate for the annuity claims provisions on a discounted basis from one non–life line of business 
represents more than 3 % of the total best estimate for all annuity claims provisions the information shall be 
reported with the following split by currencies in addition to the total for the line of business:  
a) Amounts for the reporting currency;  
b) Amounts for any currency that represents more than 25 % of the best estimate for the annuity claims provisions 
on a discounted basis from that non–life line of business; or  
c) Amounts for any currency that represents less than 25 % of the best estimate for the annuity claims provisions 
(discounted basis) from that non–life line of business but more than 5 % of total best estimate for all annuity 
claims provisions.  
ii. If the best estimate for the annuity claims provisions on a discounted basis from one non–life line of business 
represents less than 3 % of the total best estimate for all annuity claims provisions no currency split is required, only 
the total for the line of business shall be reported;  
iii. The information shall be reported in the original currency of the contracts unless otherwise specified.  
iv. For captive insurance and reinsurance undertakings complying with the conditions specified in Article 5(4) and (5), 
this template shall be reported without currency split i.e. Z0030 is reported always as Total.  
As already specified above, this template is interlinked with the non–Life template S.19.01. The sum of technical 
provisions in templates S.16.01 and S.19.01 for one non–life line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, represents the total claims best estimate originating from this line of business (also refer log to 
template S.19.01). All or part of an obligation moves from S.19.01 into S.16.01, when both of the below conditions are 
met:  
i. All or part of the obligation has been formally settled as an annuity; and  
ii. a best estimate of an obligation formally settled as an annuity can be established using life techniques.  
Year N is the reporting year.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  The related non–life line of 
business  Name of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35. 
The origin of the liability (medical expense, income protection, workers’ comp, 
motor liability etc.). All the figures in the template are stemming from the related 
line of business. 
The following closed list shall be used: 
1 — 1 and 13 Medical expense insurance 
2 — 2 and 14 Income protection insurance 
3 — 3 and 15 Workers’ compensation insurance 
4 — 4 and 16 Motor vehicle liability insurance 
5 — 5 and 17 Other motor insurance 
6 — 6 and 18 Marine, aviation and transport insurance 
7 — 7 and 19 Fire and other damage to property insurance 
8 — 8 and 20 General liability insuranceEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/745