 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
2 – Unlimited guarantees provided only to entities not belonging to same group; 
3 – Unlimited guarantees provided to entities of the same group and to entities 
not belonging to same group.  
S.04.02 – Information on class 10 in Part A of Annex I of Solvency II Directive, excluding carrier’s liability  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is to be reported according to Article 159 of Directive 2009/138/EC and addresses only direct business.  
Information shall be reported in relation to freedom to provide services performed by the undertaking and by EEA 
country, identifying separately the business performed by branch and through freedom to provide services.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0010 
…  EEA country  ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the EEA country where the branch is located  
C0010/R0020  Undertaking – FPS – Frequency 
of claims for Motor Vehicle 
Liability (except carrier’s 
liability)  Number of claims, in relation to the business performed by the undertaking 
through freedom to provide services, incurred with regard to class 10 in Part A 
of Annex I of Directive 2009/138/EC (except carrier’s liability), over the average 
insured vehicles in the reporting period. The average insured vehicles correspond 
to the mean between the number of insured vehicles at the end of the reporting 
year and the number of insured vehicles at the end of the year before the 
reporting year. Claims without any incurred amounts shall not be taken into 
account.  
C0010/R0030  Undertaking – FPS – Average 
cost of claims for Motor 
Vehicle Liability (except 
carrier’s liability)  Average of claims incurred, in relation to the business performed by the under ­
taking through freedom to provide services, with regard to class 10 in Part A of 
Annex I of Directive 2009/138/EC (except carrier’s liability), measured as amount 
of claims incurred divided by the number of claims incurred. Claims without any 
incurred amounts shall not be taken into account.  
C0020/R0020  Branch – Frequency of claims 
for Motor Vehicle Liability 
(except carrier’s liability)  Number of claims, for each branch in relation to the business performed in the 
country where the branch is established, incurred with regard to class 10 in Part A 
of Annex I of Directive 2009/138/EC (except carrier’s liability), over the average 
insured vehicles in the reporting period. The average insured vehicles correspond 
to the mean between the number of insured vehicles at the end of the reporting 
year and the number of insured vehicles at the end of the year before the 
reporting year. Claims without any incurred amounts shall not be taken into 
account.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/641