 
S.02.02 – Liabilities by currency  
General comment:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is to be filled in accordance with the Balance sheet (S.02.01). Valuation principles are laid down in 
Directive 2009/138/EC, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, Solvency II Technical Standards and Guidelines.  
This template is not required to be submitted if one single currency represents more than 80 % of liabilities. In case the 
value of technical provisions, as reported in R0030 and R0120 in S.12.01 and R0060 and R0160 in S.17.01, is 
negative, for the purposes of the calculation of the threshold above the absolute value of those notional amounts should 
be considered without netting of technical provisions between different LoBs.  
If submitted, information on the reporting currency shall always be reported regardless of the amount of liabilities. 
Information reported by currency shall at least represent 80 % of the total liabilities. The remaining 20 % may be 
aggregated. If a specific currency has to be reported to comply with the 80 % threshold then that currency shall be 
reported for all liabilities.  
Captives are exempted from reporting this template.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0010  Material currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of each currency to be reported.  
C0020/R0110  Total value of all currencies – 
Technical provisions 
(excluding index–linked and 
unit–linked contracts)  Report the total value of the technical provisions (excl. index–linked and unit– 
linked contracts) for all currencies.  
C0030/R0110  Value of the reporting 
currency – Technical 
provisions (excluding index– 
linked and unit–linked 
contracts)  Report the value of the technical provisions (excl. index–linked and unit–linked 
contracts) for the reporting currency  
C0040/R0110  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Technical 
provisions (excluding index– 
linked and unit–linked 
contracts)  Report the total value of the technical provisions (excl. index–linked and unit– 
linked contracts) for the remaining currencies that are not reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0110) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0110).  
C0050/R0110  Value of material currencies – 
Technical provisions 
(excluding index–linked and 
unit–linked contracts)  Report the value of the Technical provisions (excl. index–linked and unit–linked 
contracts) for each of the currencies required to be reported separately.  
C0020/R0120  Total value of all currencies – 
Technical provisions – index– 
linked and unit–linked 
contracts  Report the total value of the technical provisions – index–linked and unit–linked 
contracts for all currencies.EN  L 120/632 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023