 
S.26.11 – Internal model: Credit risk – details for financial instruments  
General comments  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and insurance and reinsurance undertakings.  
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Exposure at Default  
C0010-C0090/ 
R0010  Overall Exposure at Default  Exposure at Default for different Credit Quality Steps.  
C0010- 
C0090/R0020- 
R0080  Exposure at Default 
breakdown  Amount of Exposure at Default for different asset classes and different Credit 
Quality Steps.  
Probability of Default – weighted average where the weight is Exposure at Default  
R0100  Overall Probability of Default  Probability of Default for different Credit Quality Steps.  
C0010- 
C0090/R0110- 
R0170  Probability of Default 
breakdown  Probability of Default for different asset classes and different Credit Quality Steps.  
C0100/R0180  Other description  Summary of content of Other category referred in rows R0080 and R0170, so 
materiality can be judged.  
Solvency Capital Requirements  
C0110/R0190  Total undiversified credit risk  This is the total amount of the capital charge for credit risk before any diversifi ­
cation effects.  
C0110/R0200  Diversification: 
credit risk  This is the amount of gross diversification effects allowed in aggregation of capital 
requirements for credit risk. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value.  
C0110/R0210  Diversified risk: 
credit risk  This is the total amount of the capital charge for credit risk.  
S.26.12 – Internal model: Credit risk – for non-financial instruments  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and insurance and reinsurance undertakings.EN  L 120/962 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023