 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0230  Own Funds with change 
(amount)  Total Eligible Own Funds with the model change in units of the reporting 
currency. Report only for major changes. The value expected is as in 
S.23.01.01.01 R0540/C0010 for solos and S.23.01.04.01 R0660/C0010 for 
groups.  
C0260  Other trigger  If the level of change in SCR is not the trigger for the major change classification, 
then describe what criteria is classifying the change as major (only the relevant 
trigger that triggered the change).  
C0270  Other trigger impact (amount)  Impact amount in relation to the trigger in C0260 (other than SCR)  
C0280  Other trigger impact %  Percentage impact in relation to the trigger in C0260 (other than SCR)  
Minor Changes  
C0220  Own Funds w/o change 
(amount)  Total Eligible Own Funds without the minor model changes.  
C0230  Own Funds with change 
(amount)  Total Eligible Own Funds without the minor model changes plus the sum of 
impacts of the minor model changes on the total Eligible Own Funds for this 
reporting period.  
C0240  SCR sum for minor changes 
increasing SCR  Sum of impacts of only the minor model changes to the total SCR which 
increased the SCR for this reporting period. The reference SCR value used 
should be as in S.23.01.01.01 R0580/C0010 for solos and S.23.01.04.01 
R0680/C0010 for groups.  
C0250  SCR sum for minor changes 
decreasing SCR  Sum of impacts of only the minor model changes to the total SCR which 
decreased the SCR, in units of the reporting currency, for this reporting period. 
The reference SCR value used should be as in S.23.01.01.01 R0580/C0010 for 
solos and S.23.01.04.01 R0680/C0010 for groups.  
C0290  Number of minor changes 
implemented during the 
reporting period  Number of minor changes implemented during the reporting period.  
C0300  Threshold for accumulation  Threshold for accumulation as specified in the model change policy.  
C0310  Reset  State whether one reset of the accumulation of minor changes has occurred in the 
reporting period: 
— Internal model minor changes reset occurred in the reporting period 
— Internal model minor changes reset did not occur in the reporting period.  
C0320  Reason for reset  Briefly, state the justification why a reset of the accumulation of minor changes 
has occurred in the reporting period.  
S.27.01 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Non–life and health catastrophe risk  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/989