 
C1280/R3300 – 
R3600  Estimated Risk Mitigation  For each country the estimated risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, 
excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C1280/R3610  Estimated Risk Mitigation 
– Total Mass accident all 
countries before diver ­
sification  Total amount of estimated risk mitigation effect of the group’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles for all countries.  
C1290/R3300 – 
R3600  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums  For each country the estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the group’s 
specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C1290/R3610  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total  Total amount of estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the group’s 
specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for all countries.  
C1300/R3300 – 
R3600  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the group’s 
specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, 
arising from the mass accident risk sub–module to health insurance and 
reinsurance obligations, for each country.  
C1300/R3610  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Total Mass accident all 
countries before diver ­
sification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation, before diversification 
effect between countries, for the mass accident risk sub–module to health 
insurance and reinsurance obligations.  
C1300/R3620  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect 
between countries  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the capital requirement after 
risk mitigations for the mass accident risk sub–module to health insurance and 
reinsurance obligations relating to the different countries.  
C1300/R3630  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
after risk mitigation – 
Total Mass accident all 
countries after diversifi ­
cation  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation for the mass accident risk 
sub–module to health insurance and reinsurance obligations, taking into 
consideration the diversification effect given in C1300/R3620.  
Health catastrophe risk 
– Concentration 
accidentEN  L 120/1516 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023