 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0080  Interests  Amount of interest earned over the reporting period, excluding any interest from 
property held for own use. 
The same definition as in S.09.01 shall apply (except for the scope of investments 
to consider).  
C0010/R0090  Rents  Amount of rent earned over the reporting period, excluding any rent from 
property held for own use. 
The same definition as in S.09.01 shall apply (except for the scope of investments 
to consider).  
C0010/R0100  Other  Amount of other investments income received and accrued at the end of the 
reporting year. Applicable to other investment income not considered in cells 
C0010/R0070, C0010/R0080 and C0010/R0090, such as securities lending 
fees, commitment fees etc., excluding the ones from property held for own use.  
S.29.03 – Excess of Assets over Liabilities – explained by technical provisions  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template focuses on changes in the Excess of Assets over Liabilities due to technical provisions (TP). The scope of 
technical provisions includes risks captured through Best Estimate (BE) and Risk margin, and those captured through TP 
calculated as a whole.  
As regards the order of calculation in the table ‘breakdown of Variation in Best Estimate’, presentation of the order is 
not deemed prescriptive as to the order in which the calculation is performed, as long as the content of the different 
cells indeed reflect the purpose and definition of these cells.  
Undertakings are required to report data on accident year or underwriting year basis, in accordance with any 
requirements of the National Supervisory Authority. If the National Supervisory Authority has not stipulated which 
to use then the undertaking may use accident or underwriting year according to how they manage each line of business, 
as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, provided that they use the same year consistently, year on 
year.  
The purpose of the template is to provide a detailed understanding of the changes in the Excess of Assets over Liabilities 
related to technical provisions, considering:  
— Changes in TP captions;  
— Changes in technical flows of the period;  
— A detailed breakdown of the variation of Best Estimate – gross of reinsurance by sources of changes (such as new 
business, changes in assumptions, experience, etc.).  
The accepted reinsurance on unit-linked and index-linked business shall be included within the template.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Of which the following 
breakdown of 
Variation in Best 
Estimate – analysis per 
UWY if applicable – 
Gross of reinsurance  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0010  Opening Best Estimate  Amount of Best Estimate – gross of reinsurance – as stated in the Balance Sheet at 
closing year N–1 related to those lines of business, as defined in Annex I to 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, for which an underwriting year approach 
(UWY) is used for Best Estimate calculation.EN  L 120/1050 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023