 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0050  Interest rate risk sum of 
which: Interest rate risk 
diversified  Within the market & credit risk, the interest rate risk comprises the sensitivity of the 
values of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the term structure of 
interest rates, or in the volatility of interest rates. It does not comprise the sensitivity to 
any of the facets of credit risk. 
In this line, only diversification between changes in the term structure of interest rates 
and changes in the volatility of interest rates should be taken into account.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0060  Interest rate risk sum of 
which: Interest rate risk  This risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and financial 
instruments to changes in the term structure of interest rates, but neither changes in 
the volatility of interest rates nor any facets of credit risk.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0070  Interest rate risk sum of 
which: Interest rate vola ­
tility risk  This risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and financial 
instruments to changes in the volatility of interest rates but no facets of credit risk.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0080  Inflation risk  Within the market & credit risk, this risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of 
assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the inflation. 
As inflation in certain internal models is also allowed for e.g. in the underwriting risk, 
please ensure, that there is no double-counting.  
C0020-C0060/ 
R0090  Equity risk sum  Sum of the respective values of C0020-C0060/R0110 and C0020-C0060/R0120.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0100  Equity risk sum of 
which: Equity risk diver ­
sified  Within the market and credit risk, the equity risk comprises the sensitivity of the values 
of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the level, or in the volatility 
of market prices of equities. 
In this line, diversification between changes in the level and changes in the volatility of 
market prices should be taken into account.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0110  Equity risk sum of 
which: Equity risk  Equity risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and financial 
instruments to changes in the level of market prices of equities.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0120  Equity risk sum of 
which: Equity volatility 
risk  Equity volatility risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and 
financial instruments to changes in the volatility of market prices of equities.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0130  Property risk  Within the market & credit risk, the property risk comprises the sensitivity of the values 
of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the level, or in the volatility 
of market prices of real estate. 
Differently from e.g. equity risk no split in ‘level’ and ‘volatility’ is requested.EN  L 120/1432 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023