 
ITEM  INSTRUCTION  
C0230  Issuer Sector  Identify the economic sector of issuer based on the latest version of the Statistical 
classification of economic activities in the European Community (‘NACE’) code (as 
published in an EC Regulation). For NACE sections A to N full four-digit reporting 
of the NACE codes is required, i.e. the letter identifying the Section followed by 
the 4 digits code for the class shall be used (e.g. ‘K6411’). For the remaining 
sections the letter reference of the NACE code identifying the Section shall be used 
as a minimum for identifying sectors (e.g. ‘P’ or ‘P8501’ would be acceptable). 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer 
sector is the sector of the fund manager; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), 
the issuer sector is the sector of the depositary entity; 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than CIC 87 and CIC 
88 the information shall relate to the borrower; 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75, CIC 09 and CIC category 9 – 
Property; 
— This item is not applicable to CIC 87 and CIC 88.  
C0240  Issuer Group  Name of issuer’s ultimate parent entity. For collective investment undertakings the 
ultimate parent of the fund manager (entity) shall be reported. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. 
When this is not available corresponds to the legal name. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the ultimate 
parent of the fund manager (entity) shall be reported; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), 
the group relation relates to the depositary entity 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than CIC 87 and CIC 
88 the group relation relates to the borrower; 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 87 and CIC 88; 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75, CIC 09 and CIC category 9 – 
Property; 
— This item is not applicable for bonds issued by: 
— a central government, 
— a local government, 
— a government agency, 
— a central bank, 
— the group/entity itself, 
— a supranational organisation (as long as no issuer group exists).EN  L 120/672 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023