 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090  Rent  Amount of rent earned i.e. rent received less accrued rent at the start of the period 
plus accrued rent at the end of the reporting period. Includes also rents received 
when the asset is sold or matured. 
Only applicable to properties, regardless of the function.  
C0100  Net gains and losses  Net gains and losses resulting from assets sold or matured during the reporting 
period. 
The gains and losses are calculated as the difference between selling or maturity 
value and the value according to Article 75 of Directive 2009/138/EC at the end 
of the prior reporting year (or, in case of assets acquired during the reporting 
period, the acquisition value). 
The net value can be positive, negative or zero. 
This calculation shall be performed without interest accrued.  
C0110  Unrealised gains and losses  Unrealised gains and losses resulting from assets not sold nor matured during the 
reporting period. 
The unrealised gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the value 
according to Article 75 of Directive 2009/138/EC at the end of the reporting year 
end and the value according to Article 75 of Directive 2009/138/EC at the end of 
the prior reporting year (or, in case of assets acquired during the reporting period, 
the acquisition value). 
The net value can be positive, negative or zero. 
This calculation shall be performed without interest accrued.  
S.10.01 – Securities lending and repos  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template contains an item–by–item list of securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements (buyer and 
seller) contracts, held directly by the undertaking (i.e. not on a look–through basis), which also include the liquidity 
swaps referred to in Article 309(2)(f) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
It shall be reported only when the value of the underlying securities on and off-balance sheet involved in lending or 
repurchase agreements, with maturity date falling after the reporting reference date represent more than 5 % of the total 
investments as reported in C0010/R0070 and C0010/R0220 of template S.02.01.  
All contracts that are on the balance sheet or off-balance sheet shall be reported. The information shall include all 
contracts in the reporting period regardless of whether they were open or closed at the reporting date. For contracts 
which are part of a roll–over strategy, where they substantially are the same transaction, only open positions shall be 
reported.  
A repurchase agreement (repo) is defined as the sale of securities together with an agreement for the seller to buy back 
the securities at a later date. Securities lending is defined as the lending of securities by one party to another, which 
requires that the borrower provides the lender with collateral.  
Items shall be reported with positive values unless otherwise stated in the respective instructions.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to CIC codes refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
Each repo and securities lending contract shall be reported in as many rows as needed to provide the information 
requested. If for one item one option fits one part of the instrument being reported and a different option fits the other 
part, then the contract needs to be unbundled unless is stated otherwise in the instructions.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/697