 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0310  Type of reinsurer  Type of reinsurer to whom the underwriting risk has been transferred. The 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Direct Life insurer 
2 – Direct Non–life insurer 
3 – Direct Composite insurer 
4 – Captive insurance undertaking 
5 – Internal reinsurer (reinsurance undertaking which primary focus is to take risk 
from other insurance undertakings within the group) 
6 – External reinsurer (reinsurance undertaking that takes risks from undertakings 
other than from insurance undertakings within the group) 
7 – Captive reinsurance undertaking 
8 – Special purpose vehicle 
9 – Pool entity (where more than one insurance or reinsurance undertakings are 
involved) 
10 – State pool  
C0320  Country of residency  Identify the ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code for the country where the reinsurer is 
legally authorised/licensed.  
C0330  External rating assessment by 
nominated ECAI  Rating of the reinsurer at the reporting reference date as provided by the 
nominated credit assessment institution (ECAI). 
If the rating is not available the item shall be left blank.  
C0340  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in 
C0330, by using the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In 
case of ratings issued by subsidiaries of the ECAI please report the parent ECAI 
(the reference is to ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered or certified in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies). This item shall 
be reported when External rating (C0330) is reported.  
C0350  Credit quality step  Identify the credit quality step attributed to the reinsurer. The credit quality step 
shall reflect any readjustments to the credit quality made internally by the under ­
takings that use the standard formula. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1 
2 – Credit quality step 2 
3 – Credit quality step 3 
4 – Credit quality step 4 
5 – Credit quality step 5 
6 – Credit quality step 6 
9 – No rating availableEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1075