EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1587
 ANNEX VI  
Definitions of the CIC Table  
First 2 positions – Assets listed in  Definition  
Third and fourth position – Category  Definition  
Country  ISO 3166-1-alpha-2 country 
code  Identify the ISO 3166-1-alpha-2 country code where the asset is listed in. An asset is considered as being listed if it is 
negotiated on a regulated market or on a multilateral trading facility, as defined by Directive 2014/65/EU. If the asset is 
listed in more than one country or the undertaking uses for valuation purposes a price provider which is one of the 
regulated markets or multilateral trading facility where the asset is listed in, the country shall be the one of that regulated  
market or multilateral trading facility used as the reference for valuation purposes.  
XV  Assets listed in one or more 
than one country  Identify assets that are listed in one or more countries but when the undertaking uses for valuation purposes a price 
provider which is not one of the regulated markets or multilateral trading facility where the asset is listed in.  
XL  Assets that are not listed in a 
stock exchange  Identify assets that are not negotiated on a regulated market or on a multilateral trading facility, as defined by Directive 
2014/65/EU.  
XT  Assets that are not exchange 
tradable  Identify assets that by their nature are not subject to negotiation on a regulated market or on a multilateral trading 
facility, as defined by Directive 2014/65/EU.  
1 Government bonds  Bonds issued by public authorities, whether by central governments supra-national government institutions, regional government s or 
local authorities local authorities and bonds that are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the European Centra l Bank, 
Member States’ central government and central banks, multilateral development banks referred to in paragraph 2 of Article 117 o f 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 or international organisations referred to in Article 118 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, 
regional governments and local authorities listed in Article 1 of Implementing Regulation (EU) 2015/2011, where the guarantee 
meets the requirements set out in Article 215 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
Regarding bonds with a qualifying guarantee, the third and fourth position shall be attributed by reference to the entity provi ding the 
guarantee.  
11  Central Government bonds  Bonds issued by central governments and bonds that are fully, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Member States’ central government, excluding bonds denominated and funded in a currency different from the 
domestic currency of that central government.  
12  Supra-national bonds  Bonds issued by public institutions established by a commitment between national states, e.g. issued by the multilateral 
development bank referred to in paragraph 2 of Article 117 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 or issued by the 
international organisation referred to in Article 118 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013.