 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Premiums shall be gross, without deduction of premiums for reinsurance 
contracts.  
C0040/R0790  Estimation of the gross 
premium to be earned – Total 
Windstorm Other Regions 
before diversifications  Total of the estimate of the premiums to be earned by the insurance or 
reinsurance undertaking before diversification, during the following year for the 
other 14 regions other than the specified regions.  
C0050/R0400 – 
R0590  Exposure —specified Region  The sum of the total insured per each of the 23 specified regions for lines of 
business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35: 
— Fire and other damage, including the proportional reinsurance obligations, in 
relation to contracts that cover windstorm risk and where the risk is situated 
in this particular specified region; and 
— Marine, aviation and transport insurance, including the proportional 
reinsurance obligations, in relation to contracts that cover onshore property 
damage by Windstorm and where the risk is situated in this particular 
specified region.  
C0050/R0600  Exposure – Total Windstorm 
specified Regions before diver ­
sification  Total of the exposure before diversification for the 23 specified regions.  
C0060/R0400 – 
R0590  Specified Gross Loss — 
specified Region  Specified gross windstorm loss per each of the 23 specified regions, taking into 
consideration the effect of diversification effect between zones.  
C0060/R0600  Specified Gross Loss – Total 
Windstorm specified Regions 
before diversification  Total of the specified gross loss before diversification for the 23 specified regions.  
C0070/R0400 – 
R0590  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Factor before risk mitigation 
—specified Region  The risk charge factor per each of the 23 specified regions for Windstorm, taking 
into consideration the effect of diversification effect between zones.  
C0070/R0600  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Factor before risk mitigation – 
Total Windstorm specified 
Regions before diversification  Ratio between total specified gross loss and total exposure.  
C0080/R0400 – 
R0590  Scenario A or B —specified 
Region  The larger of the capital requirement for Windstorm risk for each of the 23 
specified regions according to scenario A or scenario B. 
When determining the largest amount of scenario A and B, the risk mitigation 
effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose 
vehicles relating to this peril, shall be taken into account.  
C0090/R0400 – 
R0590  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation — 
specified Region  Capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Windstorm for each of the 
23 specified Regions corresponding to the larger of scenario A or B.EN  L 120/996 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023