 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Subordinated mutual member accounts – movements in the reporting period  
R0310/C0010  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 1 – balance 
brought forward  This is the balance of tier 1 subordinated mutual member accounts brought 
forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0310/C0070  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 1 – issued  This is the amount of tier 1 subordinated mutual member accounts issued over 
the reporting period.  
R0310/C0080  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 1 – redeemed  This is the amount of tier 1 subordinated mutual member accounts redeemed 
over the reporting period.  
R0310/C0090  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 1 – 
movements in valuation  This is the amount reflecting movement in valuation tier 1 subordinated mutual 
member accounts over the reporting period.  
R0310/C0100  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 1 – regulatory 
action  This is the amount reflecting an increase/decrease in tier 1 subordinated mutual 
member accounts due to regulatory action over the reporting period.  
R0310/C0060  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Tier 1 – balance 
carried forward  This is the balance of tier 1 subordinated mutual member accounts carried 
forward to the next reporting period.  
R0320/C0010  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts –Tier 2 – balance 
brought forward  This is the balance of tier 2 subordinated mutual member accounts brought 
forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0320/C0070  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts –Tier 2 – issued  This is the amount of tier 2 subordinated mutual member accounts issued over 
the reporting period.  
R0320/C0080  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts –Tier 2 – redeemed  This is the amount of tier 2 subordinated mutual member accounts redeemed 
over the reporting period.  
R0320/C0090  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts –Tier 2 – movements 
in valuation  This is the amount reflecting movement in valuation tier 2 subordinated mutual 
member accounts over the reporting period.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/833