 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0230  Credit quality step  Identify the credit quality step attributed to the reinsurer. The credit quality step 
shall reflect any readjustments to the credit quality made internally by the under ­
takings that use the standard formula. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1 
2 – Credit quality step 2 
3 – Credit quality step 3 
4 – Credit quality step 4 
5 – Credit quality step 5 
6 – Credit quality step 6 
9 – No rating available  
C0240  Internal rating  Internal rating of the reinsurer for undertakings using internal model to the extent 
that the internal ratings are used in their internal modelling. If an internal model 
undertaking is using solely external ratings this item shall not be reported.  
S.31.02 – Special Purpose Vehicles  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is relevant for each insurance or reinsurance undertaking transferring risk(s) to a Special Purpose Vehicle 
(SPV), to ensure sufficient disclosure has been made where SPVs are used as alternative risk transfer methods to 
traditional reinsurance treaties.  
The template applies to the use of:  
a) SPVs defined under Article 13(26) and authorised under Article 211(1) of Directive 2009/138/EC;  
b) SPVs meeting conditions of Article 211(3) of Directive 2009/138/EC;  
c) SPVs regulated by third country supervisors where these meet equivalent measures to the conditions set out in 
Article 211(2) of Directive 2009/138/EC;  
d) Other SPVs, not meeting the definitions above, where risks are transferred under arrangements with the economic 
substance of a reinsurance contract.  
The template covers risk mitigation techniques (recognised or not) carried out by the (re)insurance undertaking whereby 
a SPV assumes risks from the reporting undertaking through a reinsurance contract; or assume insurance risks from the 
reporting undertaking transferred through a similar arrangement that is ‘reinsurance like’.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030  Internal code of SPV  Internal code attributed to the SPV by the undertaking by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI); 
— Specific code 
This code shall be unique to each SPV and remain constant over subsequent 
reports.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1089