 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0371  Currency of price  The ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the price of the derivative shall 
be identify, i.e. currency of the amount exchanged against the notional amount of 
the derivative. For example, if the undertaking is paying (or receiving) currency A 
for the notional amount (currency B), the currency of the price is A. The currency 
of the notional amount is B, reported in (C0370).  
C0380  CIC  Complementary Identification Code used to classify assets, as set out in Annex – 
VI CIC Table of this Regulation. When classifying derivatives using the CIC table, 
undertakings shall take into consideration the most representative risk to which 
the derivative is exposed to.  
C0390  Trigger value  Reference price for futures, strike price for options (for bonds, price shall be a 
percentage of the par amount), currency exchange rate or interest rate for 
forwards, etc. 
Not applicable to CIC D3 – Interest rate and currency swaps. For CIC F1 – Credit 
default swaps it shall not be completed if not possible. 
In the case of more than one trigger over time, report the next trigger occurring. 
When the derivative has a range of trigger values, report the set separated by 
comma ‘,’ if the range is not continuous and report the range separated by ‘–’ if it 
is continuous.  
C0400  Unwind trigger of contract  The event that causes the unwinding of the contract, out of the regular expiration 
or term conditions, shall be identified. One of the options in the following closed 
list shall be used: 
1 – Bankruptcy of the underlying or reference entity 
2 – Adverse fall in value of the underlying reference asset 
3 – Adverse change in credit rating of the underlying assets or entity 
4 – Novation, i.e. the act of replacing an obligation under the derivative with a 
new obligation, or replacing a party of the derivative with a new party 
5 – Multiple events or a combination of events 
6 – Other events not covered by the previous options 
9 – No unwind trigger  
C0430  Maturity date  Identify the contractually defined ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date of 
close of the derivative contract, whether at maturity date, expiring date for 
options (European or American), etc.  
C0440  Swap delivered  Identify what the undertaking delivers under the swap contract (E.g. Euribor 
+ 0,5 %; 2,3 %; EUR).  
C0450  Swap received  Identify what the undertaking receives under the swap contract (E.g. Euribor 
+ 0,5 %; 2,3 %; EUR).  
S.09.01 – Information on gains/income and losses in the period  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/695