 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030/R0030  Total value of Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
(for all currencies)/Home 
country  Total value, for all currencies for the home country, of the best estimate of the 
insurance and reinsurance obligations subject to volatility adjustment.  
C0040/R0030  Part of the Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
written in the reporting 
currency/Home country  Total value for the home country, of the best estimate of the insurance and 
reinsurance obligations subject to volatility adjustment for the reporting currency.  
C0050/R0030  Part of the Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
written in currencies/Home 
country  Value of the best estimate of the insurance and reinsurance obligations subject to 
volatility adjustment split by currency for the home country.  
Best estimate subject to country and currency volatility adjustment – By country and currency  
C0020/R0040  Countries  Report the ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of each country reported.  
C0030/R0040  Total value of Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
(for all currencies) – by 
country  Total value, for all currencies by country, of the best estimate of the insurance and 
reinsurance obligations subject to volatility adjustment.  
C0040/R0040  Part of the Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
written in the reporting 
currency – by country  Value of the best estimate of the insurance and reinsurance obligations subject to 
volatility adjustment for the reporting currency split by country.  
C0050/R0040  Part of the Best Estimate 
subject to volatility adjustment 
written in currencies – by 
country  Value of the best estimate of the insurance and reinsurance obligations subject to 
volatility adjustment split by currency and by country.  
S.23.01 – Own Funds  
General comments:  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission for individual entities.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Basic own funds before deduction for participations in other financial sector as foreseen in Article 68 of Delegated Regulation  (EU) 2015/35  
R0010/C0010  Ordinary share capital (gross 
of own shares) – total  This is the total ordinary share capital, both held directly and indirectly (before 
deduction of own shares). This is the total ordinary share capital of the under ­
taking that fully satisfies the criteria for Tier 1 or Tier 2 items. Any ordinary share 
capital that does not fully satisfy the criteria shall be treated as preference shares 
capital and classified accordingly notwithstanding their description or designation.  
R0010/C0020  Ordinary share capital (gross 
of own shares) – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the amount of paid up ordinary share capital that meets unrestricted Tier 1 
criteria.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/809