 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
14 – other non-proportional treaties 
15 – Financial reinsurance 
16 – Facultative proportional 
17 – Facultative non-proportional 
Other proportional treaties (code 13) and Other non-proportional treaties (code 14) can be 
used for hybrid types of reinsurance treaties.  
C0120  Starting date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the date of commencement of the specific 
reinsurance contract/treaty.  
C0130  Expiry date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the expiry date of the specific reinsurance 
contract/treaty (i.e. the last date the specific reinsurance contract/treaty is in force). This 
item is not reported if there is no expiry date (for example, contract is continuous and 
ends by one of the parties giving notice).  
C0140  Currency of transaction  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of payments for the specific 
reinsurance contract/treaty.  
C0150  Maximum cover by 
transaction  For quota share or a surplus treaty, 100 % of the maximum amount that has been set for the 
entire contract/treaty is stated here (e.g. EUR10million). In case of unlimited cover ‘-1’ shall 
be filled in here. 
This item has to be reported in the currency of the transaction.  
C0160  Net Receivables  The amount resulting from: claims paid by the (re)insurer but not yet reimbursed by the (re) 
insurer + commissions to be paid by the (re)insurer + other receivables minus debts to the 
(re)insurer. Cash deposits are excluded and are to be considered as guarantees received. 
This item has to be reported in the currency of the group.  
C0170  Total reinsurance 
recoverables  Total amount due from the reinsurer at the reporting date which include: 
Premium provision for part of the future reinsurance premium which has already been paid 
to the reinsurer; 
Claims provision for claims outstanding for insurer which have to be paid by the reinsurer; 
and/or 
Technical provisions for the amount reflecting the share of the reinsurer in the gross 
technical provisions. This item has to be reported in the reporting currency of the group.EN  L 120/1570 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023