 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0800/C0060  Diversification within life 
underwriting risk module 
– Net  This is the diversification effect within the life underwriting risk module as a result 
of the aggregation of the net capital requirements (after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0800/C0080  Diversification within life 
underwriting risk module 
– Gross  This is the diversification effect within the life underwriting risk module as a result 
of the aggregation of the gross capital requirements (before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions) of the single risk sub–modules. 
Diversification shall be reported as a negative value if they reduce the capital 
requirement.  
R0900/C0060  Total net solvency capital 
requirement for life 
underwriting risk  This is the total net capital charge for life underwriting risk, after adjustment for 
the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0900/C0080  Total gross solvency 
capital requirement for 
life underwriting risk  This is the total gross capital charge for life underwriting risk, before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
Further details on 
revision risk  
R1000/C0090  USP – Factors applied for 
the revision risk shock  Revision shock – group specific parameter (‘USP’) as calculated by the group and 
approved by the supervisory authority. 
This item is not reported where no group specific parameter is used.  
S.26.04 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Health underwriting risk  
General Comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.04 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part. However, where a RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1387