 
C0010/R0280  Run-Off Business  This item does not apply to the undertakings whose licence has been withdrawn. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Undertakings running-off a portfolio of contracts but not their whole business 
(partial run-off undertaking or undertaking with run-off portfolio); 
2 – Undertakings running-off their whole (previous) business (full run-off under ­
taking); 
3 – Undertakings with a run-off business model (specialised run-off undertakings) 
– insurance undertakings or groups whose business model is to actively acquire 
legacy portfolios or whole insurers in run-off; 
4 – No run-off business.  
C0010/R0290  M&A during period  Identify if mergers or acquisitions or disposal of activities affecting the 
information reported occurred during the reporting period. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Yes 
2 – No  
S.01.03 – Basic Information – RFF and matching adjustment portfolios  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
All ring–fenced funds and matching portfolios should be identified regardless if they are material for the purposes of 
submission of information.  
In the first table all ring–fenced funds and matching adjustments portfolios shall be reported. In case a ring–fenced fund 
has a matching portfolio not covering the full RFF three funds have to be identified, one for the RFF, other for the MAP 
inside the RFF and other for the remaining part of the fund (vice–versa for the situations where a MAP has an RFF).  
In the second table the relations between the funds as explained in previous paragraph are explained. Only the funds 
with such relations shall be reported in the second table.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
List of all RFF/MAP (overlaps allowed)  
C0040  Fund/Portfolio Number  Number which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the unique 
number assigned to each ring-fenced fund and matching adjustment portfolio. 
This number has to be consistent over time and shall be used to identify the 
ring-fenced funds and the matching portfolio number in other templates.  
C0050  Name of ring–fenced fund/ 
Matching adjustment portfolio  Indicate the name of the ring-fenced fund and matching adjustment portfolio. 
When possible (if linked to a commercial product), the commercial name shall be 
used. If not possible, e.g. if the fund is linked to several commercial products, a 
different name shall be used. 
The name shall be unique and be kept consistent over time.EN  L 120/618 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023