 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090/R0050  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR due to the appli ­
cation of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the volatility 
adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated 
considering the technical provisions without matching adjustment and without all 
the other transitional measures and the eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated 
with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0050  Impact of all LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Eligible own 
funds to meet SCR  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR due to the appli ­
cation of the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0060  Amount with LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Eligible own 
funds to meet SCR–Tier 1  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated considering 
technical provisions including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee 
measures and transitional measures.  
C0020/R0060  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR–Tier 1  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment 
and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0060  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR–Tier 1  Amount of the adjustment to the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 due to the 
application of the transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated 
considering the technical provisions without transitional deduction to technical 
provisions and the eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated with the 
technical provisions with LTG and transitional measures.  
C0040/R0060  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Eligible 
own funds to meet SCR– 
Tier 1  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR–Tier 1 calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to 
the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, but keeping the adjustments due to 
the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure is not 
applicable report the same amount as in C0020.EN  L 120/1252 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023