 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
— This item is not applicable for CIC 95 – Plant and equipment (for own use) as those 
assets are not required to be individualised, CIC 71 and CIC 75 (unless required by 
the national supervisory authority). 
— For property the country ISO Alpha-2 + postal code + city + street 
name + street number) of the property held or the latitude & longitude or the 
CRESTA/NUTS region of the property investment shall be reported: administrative 
boundaries (e.g. province or county boundaries, e.g. NUTS3 level) or merged postal 
code areas (e.g. first-two-digit postal code areas, similar to CRESTA 2019[2] low 
resolution zones).  
C0200  Issuer Name  Name of the issuer, defined as the entity that issues assets to investors. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. When 
this is not available corresponds to the legal name. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer name is 
the name of the fund manager (entity). The authorised management company who 
can be responsible and is responsible for managing the fund is the one to be 
reported regardless if some activities have been outsourced, including the actual 
management of the portfolio, i.e. the decision on buying/selling; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), the 
issuer name is the name of the depositary entity; 
— Regarding CIC 87 and CIC 88, this item shall contain ‘Loans to AMSB members’ or 
‘Loans to other natural persons’, according to its nature, as those assets are not 
required to be individualised; 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than CIC 87 and CIC 88 
the information shall relate to the borrower; 
This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and CIC category 9 – Property.  
C0210  Issuer Code  Identification of the issuer using the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) if available. 
If none is available this item shall not be reported. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer code is 
the code of the fund manager (entity). The authorised management company who 
can be responsible and is responsible for managing the fund is the one to be 
reported regardless if some activities have been outsourced, including the actual 
management of the portfolio, i.e. the decision on buying/selling; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), the 
issuer code is the code of the depositary entityEN  L 120/1192 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023