 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0031  Type of code of the 
investor/buyer  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the investor/buyer ’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
NC0040  Sector of the investor/ 
buyer  If the investor/buyer is part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) of Directive 
2002/87/EC, indicate: ‘banking sector’, ‘insurance and reinsurance sector’ ‘investments services 
sector’. 
If the investor/buyer is not part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) 
indicate: ‘other undertaking of the group’.  
C0050  Issuer/Seller name  Name of the entity that is issuing/selling the derivative, or the counterparty with the short 
position. For swaps the receiver, receives the fixed rates and pays the floating rate.  
C0060  Identification code of the 
issuer/seller  The unique identification code attached to the investor/buyer/transferee by this order of 
priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
Specific code: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings other than insurance and reinsurance undertakings within 
the group: identification code used in the local market, attributed by the undertaking ’s 
competent supervisory authority; 
— For non-EEA undertakings and non-regulated undertakings within the group, identifi ­
cation code shall be provided by the group. 
When allocating an identification code to each non-EEA or non-regulated undertaking, the 
group shall comply with the following format in a consistent manner: identification code of 
the parent undertaking + ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of the country of the undertaking + 5 
digits  
C0061  Type of code of the 
issuer/seller  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Identification code of the issuer/seller’ item. One of the options 
in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
NC0070  Financial sector of the 
issuer/seller  If the issuer/seller is part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) of Directive 
2002/87/EC, indicate: ‘banking sector’, ‘insurance and reinsurance sector’ ‘investments services 
sector’. 
If the issuer/seller is not part of financial sector within the meaning of Article 2(8) indicate: 
‘other undertaking of the group’.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1557