 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0450/C0100  Method used to calculate 
the adjustment due to 
RFF nSCR aggregation  Method used to calculate the adjustment due to RFF nSCR aggregation. One of the 
following options shall be used: 
1 – Full recalculation 
2 – Simplification at risk sub-module level 
3 – Simplification at risk module level 
4 – No adjustment 
When the undertaking has no RFF (or have only RFF under Article 304 of Directive 
2009/138/EC) it shall select option 4. 
Applicable only for partial internal models.  
R0460/C0100  Net future discretionary 
benefits  Amount of technical provisions without risk margin in relation to future discretionary 
benefits net of reinsurance.  
R0470/C0100  Minimum consolidated 
group solvency capital 
requirement  Amount of the minimum consolidated group Solvency Capital Requirement as stated in 
art. 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC. This item is applicable to group reporting only.  
R0500/C0100  Capital requirement for 
other financial sectors 
(Non-insurance capital 
requirements)  Amount of capital requirement for other financial sectors. 
This item is only applicable to group reporting where the group includes an under ­
taking which is subject to non-insurance capital requirements, such as a bank, and is 
the capital requirement calculated in accordance with the appropriate requirements.  
R0510/C0100  Capital requirement for 
other financial sectors 
(Non-insurance capital 
requirements) – Credit 
institutions, investment 
firms and financial insti ­
tutions, alternative 
investment funds 
managers, UCITS 
management companies  Amount of capital requirement for credit institutions, investment firms and financial 
institutions. 
This item is only applicable to group reporting where the group includes undertakings 
which are credit institutions, investment firms and financial institutions, alternative 
investment funds managers, UCITS management companies and they are subject to 
capital requirements, calculated in accordance with the relevant sectoral rules.  
R0520/C0100  Capital requirement for 
other financial sectors 
(Non-insurance capital 
requirements) – Insti ­
tutions for occupational 
retirement provisions  Amount of capital requirement for institutions for occupational retirement provisions. 
This item is only applicable to group reporting where the group includes undertaking 
which are institutions for occupational retirement provision and subject to non- 
insurance capital requirements calculated in accordance with the relevant sectoral rules.EN  L 120/1342 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023