 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070  Fund number  Applicable to derivatives held in ring fenced funds or other internal funds defined at 
national level, in particular regarding funds (asset portfolios) supporting life products. 
Number or code which is attributed by the undertaking, corresponding to the unique 
number or code assigned to each fund. This number or code has to be consistent over 
time and shall be used to identify the same funds in other templates (e.g. in S.06.02). It 
shall not be re–used for a different fund.  
C0080  Derivatives held in unit 
linked and index linked 
contracts  Identify the derivatives that are held by unit linked and index linked contracts. One of 
the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Unit–linked or index–linked 
2 – Neither unit–linked nor index–linked  
C0090  Instrument underlying 
the derivative  ID Code of the instrument (asset or liability) underlying the derivative contract. This 
item is to be provided only for derivatives that have a single or multiple underlying 
instruments in the undertakings ’ portfolio. An index is considered a single instrument 
and shall be reported. 
Identification code of the instrument underlying the derivative using the following 
priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking for the underlying instrument when the options 
above are not available and must be unique and consistent over time for that 
instrument; 
— ‘Multiple assets/liabilities ’, if the underlying assets or liabilities are more than one. 
If the underlying instrument is an index, then the code of the index shall be reported.  
C0100  Type of code of asset or 
liability underlying the 
derivative  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Instrument underlying the derivative’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO/6166 for ISIN 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures number 
assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities)EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1215