 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0240/C0020  Earned life gross premiums 
unit–linked (12 months prior 
to the previous 12 months)  Premium earned during the 12 months prior to the previous 12 months for life 
insurance obligations where the investment risk is borne by the policy holders 
without deducting premium ceded to reinsurance.  
R0250/C0020  Earned non–life gross 
premiums (12 months prior to 
the previous 12 months)  Premium earned during the 12 months prior to the previous 12 months for non– 
life insurance obligations, without deducting premiums ceded to reinsurance.  
R0260/C0020  Capital requirement for oper ­
ational risk based on earned 
premiums  This is the capital requirement for operational risks based on earned premiums.  
R0300/C0020  Capital requirement for oper ­
ational risk before capping  This is the capital requirement for operational risk before capping adjustment.  
R0310/C0020  Cap based on Basic Solvency 
Capital Requirement  This is the result of the cap percentage applied to the Basic SCR.  
R0320/C0020  Capital requirement for oper ­
ational risk after capping  This is the capital requirement for operational risk after capping adjustment.  
R0330/C0020  Expenses incurred in respect of 
unit linked business (previous 
12 months)  This is the amount of expenses incurred in the previous 12 months in respect of 
life insurance where the investment risk is borne by the policyholders.  
R0340/C0020  Total capital requirement for 
operational risk  This is the capital charge for operational risk.  
S.26.07 – Solvency Capital Requirement – Simplifications  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.26.07.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) 
and for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of S.01.03.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reportingEN  L 120/934 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023