 
C0230/R1400  Specified Gross Loss – 
Total Flood specified 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the specified gross Flood loss for the 14 specified regions.  
C0240/R1260 – 
R1390  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Factor before risk miti ­
gation —specified Region  The Risk Charge Factor per each of the 14 specified regions for Flood according 
to the Standard Formula, taking into consideration the effect of diversification 
effect between zones.  
C0240/R1400  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Factor before risk miti ­
gation – Total Flood 
specified Regions before 
diversification  Ratio between total specified gross loss and total exposure.  
C0250/R1260 – 
R1390  Scenario A or B — 
specified Region  The larger of the capital requirement for Flood risk in each of the 14 specified 
regions according to scenario A or scenario B. 
When determining the largest amount of scenario A and B, the risk mitigation 
effect of the group’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to this peril, must be taken into account.  
C0260/R1260 – 
R1390  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation — 
specified Region  Capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Floods in each of the 14 
specified Regions, corresponding to the larger of scenario A or B.  
C0260/1400  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Flood specified 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Floods for the 
14 specified regions.  
C0260/R1590  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Flood Other 
Regions before diversifi ­
cation  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for Flood risk in regions other than 
the specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0260/R1600  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Total Flood All Regions 
before diversification  Total of the capital requirement before risk mitigation arising from Floods for all 
regions.  
C0260/R1610  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – 
Diversification effect 
between regions  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the Flood risks relating to the 
different regions (both specified Regions and Other regions).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1495