 
Information on derivatives  
C0310  Credit quality step  Identify the credit quality step attributed to the counterparty of the derivative, as defined by 
Article 109a(1) of Directive 2009/138/EC. The credit quality step shall reflect any read ­
justments to the credit quality made internally by the undertakings that use the standard 
formula. 
This item is not applicable to derivatives for which undertakings using internal model use 
internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use internal rating, this item 
shall be reported. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1 
2 – Credit quality step 2 
3 – Credit quality step 3 
4 – Credit quality step 4 
5 – Credit quality step 5 
6 – Credit quality step 6 
9 – No rating available  
C0320  Internal rating  Internal rating of derivatives for undertakings using internal ratings. 
For undertakings applying a matching adjustment the internal rating shall be reported to the 
extent that the internal ratings are used to calculate the fundamental spread referred to in 
Article 77c(2).  
C0330  Counterparty group  Only applicable to Over–The–Counter derivatives, regarding contractual counterparties other 
than an exchange market and Central Counterparty (CCP). 
Name of the ultimate parent entity of counterparty. When available, this item shall 
correspond to the entity name in the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) database. When not 
available, it shall correspond to the legal name.  
C0340  Counterparty group code  Only applicable to Over–The–Counter derivatives, regarding contractual counterparties other 
than an exchange market and Central Counterparty (CCP). 
Identification code of the counterparty using the following priority: 
— LEI when available 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when LEI is not available, which shall be consistent 
over time 
When non-applicable this item shall not be reported.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1221