 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0700-R0770/ 
C0180  Operational  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Modelled 
2 – Not modelled 
If the answer in C0140 is ‘Modelled’ then this must be set to ‘Not modelled’. 
Otherwise it should be set to ‘Modelled’ if the specified risk in each row is covered 
in the Operational risk module.  
R0700-R0770/ 
C0190  Other  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Modelled 
2 – Not modelled 
If the answer in C0140 is ‘Modelled’ then this must be set to ‘Not modelled’. 
Otherwise it should be set to ‘Modelled’ if the specified risk in each row is covered 
in another risk module not mentioned here.  
S.26.09 – Internal model: Market and Credit risk – for financial instruments  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and insurance and reinsurance undertakings.  
If not indicated differently, ‘Solvency II values’ shall be used, i.e. applying the valuation principles set out in the 
Directive2009/138/EC, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, Technical Standards issued under Directive 2009/138/EC 
and EIOPA Guidelines.  
This template covers the market and credit risk arising from the level or volatility of market prices of financial 
instruments, which have an impact upon the value of assets and liabilities of the undertaking or the group. Credit 
risk covers the usual three facets ‘spread’, ‘migration’ and ‘default’.  
The figures shall include the impact on assets and liabilities including any impacts on the options and guarantees and on 
future discretionary benefits for policyholders (‘loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions’).  
The figures shall not include the loss absorbing capacity of deferred taxes.  
The template consists of three main building blocks:  
1. ‘General information’ on few key aspects of the modelling approach  
2. ‘Stand-alone capital requirements for market and credit risk and supplementing distribution data’  
3. ‘Sensitivities and exposure data’  
S.26.09.01.01: General information  
Regarding market and credit risk models three facts on the modelling approach and scope are requested here, as these 
are important for the analysis of data, namely: Whether the model includes a ‘dynamic volatility adjustment’ (DVA) and 
whether the model includes ‘ageing effects’ and if non-financial instruments are covered in credit risk. For further details 
see below.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/947