 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0030/C0090  Spread risk (bonds and 
loans) – Increase in unit– 
linked and index–linked 
technical provisions  Increase in the technical provisions less risk margin for policies where the policy ­
holders bear the investment risk with embedded options and guarantees that 
would result from an instantaneous decrease in the value of the assets subject 
to the capital requirement for spread risk on bonds according to the simplified 
calculation.  
Interest rate risk (cap ­
tives)  
R0040/C0100  Interest rate risk (cap ­
tives) – Capital 
requirement – Interest 
rate up – by currency  Capital requirement for the risk of an increase in the term structure of interest 
rates according to the captive simplified calculation for each currency reported.  
R0040/C0110  Interest rate risk (Cap ­
tives) – Capital 
requirement – Interest 
rate down – by currency  Capital requirement for the risk of a decrease in the term structure of interest rates 
according to the captive simplified calculation for each currency reported.  
Life underwriting risk  
R0100/C0120  Mortality risk – Capital at 
risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 91 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35 for all obligations subject to mortality risk.  
R0100/C0160  Mortality risk – Average 
rate t+1  Average mortality rate during the following 12 (t + 1) months weighted by sum 
insured for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0100/C0180  Mortality risk – Modified 
duration  Modified duration in years of all payments payable on death included in the best 
estimate for policies with a positive capital at risk.  
R0110/C0150  Longevity risk – Best 
estimate  Best estimate of obligations subject to longevity risk.  
R0110/C0160  Longevity risk – Average 
rate t+1  Average mortality rate during the following 12 months (t+1) weighted by sum 
insured for policies where a decrease in the mortality rate leads to an increase in 
technical provisions.  
R0110/C0190  Longevity risk – Modified 
duration  Modified duration in years of all payments to beneficiaries included in the best 
estimate for policies where a decrease in the mortality rate leads to an increase in 
technical provisions.  
R0120/C0120  Disability–morbidity risk 
– Capital at risk  Sum of positive capitals at risk as defined in Article 93 of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35 for all obligations subject to disability–morbidity risk.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1415