 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0150/R0230  Gross Best Estimate for Cash 
flow, Cash out–flow, Future 
guaranteed and discretionary 
benefits – Total (Life other 
than health insurance, 
including Unit–Linked).  Total amount of discounted Cash out–flows (payments to policyholders and bene ­
ficiaries) for future guaranteed benefits and for future discretionary benefits for 
Life other than health insurance, including Unit–Linked.  
C0210/R0230  Gross Best Estimate for Cash 
flow, Cash out–flow, Future 
guaranteed and discretionary 
benefits – Total (Health similar 
to life insurance).  Total amount of discounted Cash out–flows (payments to policyholders and bene ­
ficiaries) for future guaranteed benefits and for future discretionary benefits for 
Health similar to life insurance.  
C0020, 
C0100/R0240  Gross Best Estimate for Cash 
flow, Cash out–flow, Future 
guaranteed benefits  Amount of discounted Cash out–flows (payments to policyholders and benefici ­
aries) for future guaranteed benefits. Regarding C0020/R0240, line of business, as 
defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, ‘Insurance with profit 
participation’ shall be reported. Regarding C0100/R0240 all future guaranteed 
benefits relating to accepted reinsurance, regardless of the line of business, shall 
be reported.  
C0150/R0240  Gross Best Estimate for Cash 
flow, Cash out–flow, Future 
guaranteed benefits – Total 
(Life other than health 
insurance, including Unit– 
Linked)  Total amount of Gross Best Estimate for Cash flow, Cash out–flow, Future guar ­
anteed benefits for Life other than health insurance, including Unit–Linked.  
C0020, 
C0100/R0250  Gross Best Estimate for Cash 
flow, Cash out–flows, Future 
discretionary benefits – 
Insurance with profit partici ­
pation  Amount of discounted Cash out–flows (payments to policyholders and benefici ­
aries) for future discretionary benefits, regarding line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, ‘Insurance with profit partici ­
pation’. 
Future Discretionary Benefits means future benefits other than index–linked or 
unit–linked benefits of insurance or reinsurance contracts which have one of the 
following characteristics: 
a) The benefits are legally or contractually based on one or several of the 
following results: 
i. the performance of a specified group of contracts or a specified type of 
contract or a single contract; 
ii. the realised or unrealised investment return on a specified pool of assets 
held by the insurance or reinsurance undertaking; 
iii. the profit or loss of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking or fund 
corresponding to the contract; 
b) the benefits are based on a declaration of the insurance or reinsurance under ­
taking and the timing or the amount of the benefits is at its full or partial 
discretion.EN  L 120/716 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023