 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0600/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Revision risk  This is the net capital charge for revision risk after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0600/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss– 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Revision risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (excluding the loss–absorbing capacity 
of technical provisions) underlying revision risk charge, after the shock ((i.e. shock 
as prescribed by standard formula, refer to a definition provided in item 
R0600/C0040), as used to compute the risk. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0600/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Revision risk  This is the gross capital charge (before the loss–absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) for revision risk.  
R0700/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Life Catas ­
trophe risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to life catastrophe risk, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0700/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Life 
Catastrophe risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to life catastrophe risk, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0700/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Life Catastrophe risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to life catastrophe risk, after the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0700/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Life catastrophe 
risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to life catastrophe risk charge, after the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0700/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – life catastrophe 
risk  This is the net capital charge for life catastrophe risk after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0060/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for life catastrophe 
risk calculated using simplified calculations.  
R0700/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss– 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – life catastrophe 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to life catastrophe risk, after the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.EN  L 120/912 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023