 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0002/C0001  Simplifications used – natural 
catastrophe risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of natural 
catastrophe risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 90b windstorm 
2 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 90b earthquake 
3 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 90b flood 
4 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 90b hail 
5 – Simplification for the purposes of Article 90b subsidence 
9 – Simplifications not used 
Options 1 to 5 may be used simultaneously.  
Non–life catastrophe risk – Summary  
C0010/R0010  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Natural catastrophe risk  This is the total catastrophe risk before risk mitigation arising from all natural 
catastrophe perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect between 
the perils given in C0010/R0070.  
C0010/R0020 – 
R0060  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Natural catastrophe risk perils  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation per natural catastrophe 
peril, taking into consideration the diversification effect between zones and 
regions. 
Per natural peril this amount is equal to the Catastrophe Risk Charge before risk 
mitigation.  
C0010/R0070  SCR before risk mitigation – 
Diversification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different natural catastrophe perils.  
C0020/R0010  Total risk mitigation – Natural 
catastrophe risk  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles arising from all natural catastrophe perils 
and taking into consideration the diversification effect between the perils given in 
C0020/R0070.  
C0020/R0020 – 
R0060  Total risk mitigation – Natural 
catastrophe risk perils  This is the total risk mitigation effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles per natural catastrophe peril.  
C0020/R0070  Total risk mitigation – Diver ­
sification between perils  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the risk mitigation effect of 
the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles 
relating to different natural catastrophe perils.  
C0030/R0010  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Natural catastrophe risk  This is the total catastrophe risk after risk mitigation arising from all natural 
catastrophe perils and taking into consideration the diversification effect 
between the perils given in C0030/R0070.  
C0030/R0020 – 
R0060  SCR after risk mitigation – 
Natural catastrophe risk perils  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation per natural catastrophe 
peril, taking into consideration the diversification effect between zones and 
regions.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/991