 
As such each transaction which is part of a single economic operation shall be reported whenever collectively they are 
at or above the corresponding threshold for significant intra-group transactions, even though individually the trans ­
actions fall below the threshold.  
Any element added to significant intragroup transactions shall be reported as a separate intragroup transaction, even if 
the element in its own right falls below the significant threshold limit. For example, if an undertaking increases the 
initial loan amount to another related undertaking the addition to the loan shall be recorded as a separate item with its 
issue date as the date of the addition.  
Where the transaction value is different for two transacting parties (e.g. a EUR10m transaction between A and B where 
A records EUR10m but B only receive EUR9,5 m because of transactions costs, of say EUR0,5 m has been expensed) the 
template shall record the maximum amount as the transaction amount, in this case EUR10m.  
Indirect transactions shall be defined as any transaction shifting risk exposures between entities within the group 
including but not limited to transactions with special purpose vehicle, collective investment undertakings, ancillary 
entities or unregulated entities; or entities outside of the group but ultimately risk exposure is brought back or stays 
within the group. Where there is a chain of related intragroup transactions (e.g. A invests in B and B invests in C), this 
transaction shall be reported as an indirect transaction. Therefore A to C transaction shall be reported and the 
comments shall mention the intermediary step. In the case of a waterfall of transactions, e. g. if ‘A’-> ‘B’ -> ‘C’-> ‘D’ 
where both ‘B’ and ‘C’ are both in the group but unregulated entities, this transaction shall also be reported.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  ID of the intragroup 
transaction  Unique internal identification code for each intragroup transaction. It shall be consistent over 
time.  
C0020  Insured party/Cedent 
name  Legal name of the entity that has transferred the underwriting risk to another insurer or 
reinsurer within the group.  
C0030  Identification code for 
insured party/cedent  The unique identification code attached to the investor/buyer/transferee by this order of 
priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
Specific code: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings other than insurance and reinsurance undertakings within 
the group: identification code used in the local market, attributed by the undertaking ’s 
competent supervisory authority; 
— For non-EEA undertakings and non-regulated undertakings within the group, identifi ­
cation code shall be provided by the group. 
When allocating an identification code to each non-EEA or non-regulated undertaking, the 
group shall comply with the following format in a consistent manner: identification code of 
the parent undertaking + ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of the country of the undertaking + 5 
digitsEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1567