 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030/R0220  Variations in Deferred Tax 
position  Variations in the Excess of assets over liabilities explained by variation of deferred 
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities  
C0030/R0230  Income tax of the reporting 
period  Amount of corporate tax of the reporting period, as stated in the financial 
statements of the reporting period.  
C0030/R0240  Dividend distribution  Amount of dividend distributed during the reporting period, as stated in the 
financial statements of the reporting period.  
C0030/R0250  Other variations in Excess of 
Assets over Liabilities  The remaining variations in the excess of assets over liabilities.  
S.29.02 – Excess of Assets over Liabilities – explained by investments and financial liabilities  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template focuses on changes in the Excess of Assets over Liabilities due to investments and financial liabilities.  
The scope of this template:  
i. Includes investments;  
ii. Includes liabilities position of derivatives (as investments);  
iii. Includes Own shares;  
iv. Includes Financial liabilities (comprising subordinated liabilities);  
v. Includes assets held for unit–linked and index–linked funds;  
vi. Excludes property held for own use.  
For all these items, the template covers the investments held at closing date of the prior reporting period (N–1) and the 
investments acquired/issued during the reporting period (N).  
The difference between template S.29.02 (last table) and information in template S.09.01 is the inclusion of the revenue 
from own shares and the exclusion of Property held for own use. The purpose of the template is to provide a detailed 
understanding of the changes in the Excess of Assets over Liabilities related to investments, considering:  
i. Movements in valuation with an impact on the Excess of Assets over Liabilities (e.g. realised gains and losses from 
sales, but also valuation differences);  
ii. Revenues triggered by investments;  
iii. Expenses related to investments (including interest charges on financial liabilities.).  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Valuation movements on 
investments  Valuation movements on investments, including: 
— For those assets kept in the portfolio, the difference between Solvency II 
values at the end of the reporting period (N) and at the beginning of the 
Year (N–1); 
— For those investments divested between the two reporting periods (including 
where an asset was acquired during the reporting period), the difference 
between the selling price and the Solvency II value as at the last reporting 
period (or, in case of investments acquired during the period, the acquisition 
cost/value);EN  L 120/1048 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023