 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0150/R0280  Gross Best Estimate for Cash 
flow, Cash in–flows, Other 
cash in–flows – Total (Life 
other than health insurance, 
including Unit–Linked)  Amount of any other discounted cash in–flows not included in Future premiums 
and not including investment returns, for Life other than health insurance, 
including Unit–Linked.  
C0210/R0280  Gross Best Estimate for Cash 
flow, Cash in–flows, Other 
cash in–flows – Total (Health 
similar to life insurance)  Amount of any other discounted cash in–flows not included in Future premiums 
and not including investment returns, for Health similar to life insurance.  
C0020, C0030, 
C0060, C0090, 
C0100, C0160, 
C0190, 
C0200/R0290  Percentage of gross Best 
Estimate calculated using 
approximations  Indicate the percentage of gross best estimate included in Gross Best Estimate 
(R0030) calculated using approximations as established in Article 21 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, per each Line of Business.  
C0020, C0030, 
C0060, C0090, 
C0100, C0160, 
C0190, 
C0200/R0300  Surrender value  Indicate the amount of surrender value, per each line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, as mentioned in Article 185(3)(f) 
of Directive 2009/138/EC, net of taxes. 
Shall reflect the amount, defined contractually, to be paid to the policyholder in 
case of early termination of the contract (i.e. before it becomes payable by 
maturity or occurrence of the insured event, such as death), net of charges and 
policy loans. It includes surrender values guaranteed and not guaranteed.  
C0150/R0300  Surrender value, Total (Life 
other than health insurance, 
including Unit–Linked)  Total surrender value for Life other than health insurance, including Unit–Linked.  
C0210/R0300  Surrender value, Total (Health 
similar to life insurance)  Total surrender value for Health similar to life insurance.  
C0020, C0030, 
C0060, C0090, 
C0100, C0160, 
C0190, 
C0200/R0310  Best estimate subject to tran ­
sitional of the interest rate  Indicate the amount of gross best estimate (R0030) subject to the transitional 
adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, for each line of 
business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0150/R0310  Best estimate subject to tran ­
sitional of the interest rate – 
Total (Life other than health 
insurance, including Unit– 
Linked)  Total amount of gross best estimate (R0030) subject to the transitional adjustment 
to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, for Life other than health 
insurance, including Unit–Linked.  
C0210/R0310  Best estimate subject to tran ­
sitional of the interest rate – 
Total (Health similar to life 
insurance)  Total amount of gross best estimate (R0030) subject to transitional adjustment to 
the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure, for Health similar to life insur ­
ance.EN  L 120/718 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023