 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0120/C0100  Adjustment due to RFF/MAP 
nSCR aggregation  When applicable, adjustment to correct the bias on SCR calculation due to aggre ­
gation of RFF/MAP nSCR at risk module level. 
Applicable only for partial internal models.  
R0160/C0100  Capital requirement for 
business operated in 
accordance with Art. 4 of 
Directive 2003/41/EC  Amount of the capital requirement, calculated according to the rules stated in Art. 
17 of Directive 2003/41/EC, for ring-fenced funds relating to pension business 
operated under Art. 4 of Directive 2003/41/EC to which transitional measures are 
applied. This item is to be reported only during the transitional period.  
R0200/C0100  Solvency capital requirement, 
excluding capital add-ons  Amount of the total diversified SCR before any capital add-on.  
R0210/C0100  Capital add–ons already set  Amount of capital add–on set by the NSA by the reporting reference date. It does 
not include capital add–ons set between that date and the submission of the data 
to the supervisory authority.  
R0211/C0100  of which, capital add–ons 
already set – Article 37(1) 
Type a  Amount of capital add–on set by the NSA by the reporting reference date. It does 
not include capital add–ons set between that date and the submission of the data 
to the supervisory authority.  
R0212/C0100  of which, capital add–ons 
already set – Article 37(1) 
Type b  Amount of capital add–on set by the NSA by the reporting reference date. It does 
not include capital add–ons set between that date and the submission of the data 
to the supervisory authority.  
R0213/C0100  of which, capital add–ons 
already set – Article 37(1) 
Type c  Amount of capital add–on set by the NSA by the reporting reference date. It does 
not include capital add–ons set between that date and the submission of the data 
to the supervisory authority.  
R0214/C0100  of which, capital add–ons 
already set – Article 37(1) 
Type d  Amount of capital add–on that set by the NSA by the reporting reference date. It 
does not include capital add–ons set between that date and the submission of the 
data to the supervisory authority.  
R0220/C0100  Solvency Capital Requirement  Overall capital requirement including capital add-ons.  
Other information on SCR  
R0300/C0100  Amount/estimate of the overall 
loss-absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions  Amount/Estimate of the overall adjustment for loss-absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions, including the part embedded in the components and the 
part reported as a single component. This amount shall be reported as a 
negative amount.  
R0310/C0100  Amount/estimate of the loss 
absorbing capacity for deferred 
taxes  Amount/Estimate of the overall adjustment for deferred taxes, including the part 
embedded in the components and the part reported as a single component. This 
amount shall be reported as a negative amount.  
R0400/C0100  Capital requirement for 
duration-based equity risk sub- 
module  Amount of the capital requirement for duration-based equity risk sub-module. 
Applicable only for partial internal models.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/875