 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Currency Code  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency. This is the original 
currency.  
C0050  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts –issuing entity  This shall indicate whether the issuing entity of the subordinated mutual member 
accounts is within the group in the meaning of Article 212(1)(c) of Directive 
2009/138/EC. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Belonging to the same group 
2 – Not belonging to the same group  
C0060  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Lender (if specific)  Indicate the lender of the mutual member accounts.  
C0070  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Counted under 
transitionals?  This shall indicate whether the subordinated mutual member accounts are 
counted under the transitional provisions. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Counted under transitionals 
2 – Not counted under transitionals  
C0080  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Counterparty (if 
specific)  This shall list the counterparty of the subordinated mutual member accounts  
C0090  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Issue date  This is the issue date of the subordinated mutual member accounts. This shall be 
in ISO8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0100  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Maturity date  This is the maturity date of the subordinated mutual member accounts. This shall 
be in ISO8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0110  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – First call date  This is the first call date of the subordinated mutual member accounts. This shall 
be in ISO8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0120  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Details of further 
call dates  These are the further call dates of the subordinated mutual member accounts.  
C0130  Subordinated mutual member 
accounts – Details of 
incentives to redeem  These are the incentives to redeem the subordinated mutual member accounts.EN  L 120/1316 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023