 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0180  Contract size  Number of underlying assets in the contract (e.g. for equity futures it is the number of 
equities to be delivered per derivative contract at maturity, for bond futures it is the 
reference amount underlying each contract). 
The way the contract size is defined varies according with the type of instrument. For 
futures on equities it is common to find the contract size defined as a function of the 
number of shares underlying the contract. 
For futures on bonds, it is the bond nominal amount underlying the contract. 
Only applicable for futures and options.  
C0190  Maximum loss under 
unwinding event  Maximum amount of loss if an unwinding event occurs. Applicable to CIC category F. 
Where a credit derivative is 100 % collateralised, the maximum loss under an 
unwinding event is zero.  
C0200  Swap outflow amount  Amount delivered under the swap contract (other than premiums), during the reporting 
period. Corresponds to interest paid for IRS and amounts delivered for currency swaps, 
credit swaps, total return swaps and other swaps. 
In the cases where the settlement is made on a net basis only one of the items C0200 
and C0210 shall be reported.  
C0210  Swap inflow amount  Amount received under the swap contract (other than premiums), during the reporting 
period. Corresponds to interest received for IRS and amounts received for currency 
swaps, credit swaps, total return swaps and other swaps. 
In the cases where the settlement is made on a net basis only one of the items C0200 
and C0210 shall be reported.  
C0220  Initial date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date when obligations under the 
contract come into effect. 
When various dates occur for the same derivative, only the one regarding the first trade 
date of the derivative and only one row for each derivative (no different rows for each 
trade) reflecting the total amount invested in that derivative considering the different 
dates of trade shall be reported. 
In case of novation, the novation date becomes the trade date for that derivative.  
C0230  Duration  Derivative duration, defined as the residual modified duration, for derivatives for which 
a duration measure is applicable. 
Calculated as the net duration between in and out flows from the derivative, when 
applicable.EN  L 120/1218 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023