 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0320  Maximum value – Contingent 
liabilities not in Solvency II 
Balance Sheet, of which 
contingent liabilities toward 
entities of the same group  Part of C0010/R0310 related to contingent liabilities toward entities of the same 
group.  
C0010/R0330  Maximum value – Contingent 
liabilities in Solvency II 
Balance Sheet  Maximum possible value, regardless of their probability (i.e. future cash out– flows 
required to settle the contingent liability over the lifetime of that contingent 
liability, discounted at the relevant risk–free interest rate term structure) of 
contingent liabilities that are valued in Solvency II Balance Sheet as defined in 
Article 11 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0010/R0400  Maximum value – Total 
Contingent liabilities  Total maximum possible value regardless of their probability (i.e. future cash flows 
required to settle the contingent liability over the lifetime of that contingent 
liability, discounted at the relevant risk–free interest rate term structure) of 
contingent liabilities.  
C0020/R0310  Value of guarantee/collateral/ 
contingent liabilities – 
Contingent liabilities not in 
Solvency II Balance Sheet  Solvency II value of the contingent liabilities not in Solvency II Balance Sheet.  
C0020/R0330  Value of guarantee/collateral/ 
contingent liabilities – 
Contingent liabilities in 
Solvency II Balance Sheet  Solvency II value of the contingent liabilities in Solvency II Balance Sheet. This 
value shall only be reported in relation to contingent liabilities for which a value 
in item C0010/R0330 in S.03.01 was reported. 
If this value is lower than C0010/R0740 in S.02.01 an explanation shall be 
provided in the narrative reporting.  
C0050/R0510  Unlimited guarantees – 
received  Indication if the undertaking has received any unlimited guarantees. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – no unlimited guarantees received; 
1 – Unlimited guarantees received only from entities of the same group; 
2 – Unlimited guarantees received only from entities not belonging to the same 
group; 
3 – Unlimited guarantees received from entities of the same group and from 
entities not belonging to the same group.  
C0050/R0520  Unlimited guarantees – 
provided  Indication if the undertaking has provided any unlimited guarantees. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – no unlimited guarantees provided; 
1 – Unlimited guarantees provided only to entities of the same group;EN  L 120/640 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023