 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
In the cases where the same product group needs to be reported in more than one 
row the content of C0010 shall follow the specific pattern: 
{}{Product Group code}}/ + /{}{cardinal number}}. For example ‘AB222/ + /1’.  
C0020  Target Market  Identification of the Target Market. One of the options in the following closed list 
shall be used: 
1 – B2B (Business to Business) 
2 – Private 
3 – Both 
Given the granularity of Risks identified in the cell C0060, option 3 is expected 
only as an exceptional case of the regular identification of the Target Market for 
product categories.  
C0030  Product Identification  Identification of the Product Category. One of the options in the following closed 
list shall be used: 
(1) First Party Loss 
(2) Third Party Loss 
(3) Costs and related services 
First Party Loss includes losses that relate to policyholders ’ own data or loss of 
income, including any negative consequence that can cause, as a result of an 
event, a data breach or cyber attack to the policyholder ’s business/personal sphere. 
Third Party Loss includes losses that relate to policyholders ’ liability for damage 
caused to others’ data or income, including any negative consequence that can 
cause, as a result of an event, a data breach or cyber attack to the policyholder’s 
business/personal sphere. 
Costs and related services include coverages that only relate to costs or services 
delivered by the coverage issuer to restore systems and data after a cyber event 
(including legal costs). 
In principle, only one item can be chosen from the list to characterise the Product 
Identification; however, in exceptional cases and in case of reporting from 
Reinsurance undertakings, multiple selection is allowed. 
The Product Identification is uniquely defined by the combination of Line(s) of 
Business and Description of Risks included in the Coverage, provided that the 
latter is not filled in as ‘Other’ or that multiple selections of the items available in 
the list is performed. If this is the case, two Product Categories characterised by 
same LoB(s) and Description of Risks included in the Coverage as ‘Other’ cannot 
be considered as the same Product Identification and will need to be reported as 
separate lines.  
C0040  Cyber coverage in the Product 
Identification  Identification of the Cyber coverage included in the commercial products included 
in the Product identification. One of the options in the following closed list shall 
be used: 
(1) Cyber Standalone Coverage 
(2) Cyber as add-on coverage but main risk being covered 
(3) Cyber as add-on coverage and not as main risk being coveredEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/741