 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0200  Internal code of SPV  Internal code attributed to the SPV by the undertaking by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI); 
— Specific code 
This code shall be unique to each SPV and remain constant over subsequent 
reports.  
C0210  Type of code SPV  Identification of the code used in item ‘internal code of SPV’. One of the options 
in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0220  Legal nature of SPV  Identify the legal nature of the SPV securitisation, according to Article 13(26) of 
Directive 2009/138/EC. 
Closed list 
1 – Trusts 
2 – Partnerships 
3 – Limited liability companies 
4 – Other legal entity form not referred above 
5 – Not incorporated  
C0230  Name of SPV  Identify the name of the SPV  
C0240  Incorporation no. of SPV  Registration number received at incorporation of the SPV. For un–incorporated 
SPVs, the undertaking should report the regulatory number or equivalent number 
obtained from the supervisory authority at the time of authorisation.  
C0250  SPV country of authorisation  Identify the ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code for the country where the SPV is estab ­
lished and has received authorisation, where applicable.  
C0260  SPV authorisation conditions  Identify authorisation conditions of the SPV according to Article 211 of the 
Directive 2009/138/EC or equivalent legal instrument. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – SPV authorised under Article 211(1) of Directive 2009/138/EC 
2 – SPV authorised under Article 211(3) of Directive 2009/138/EC (grand ­
fathered) 
3 – SPV regulated by a third country supervisory authority where requirements 
equivalent to those set out in Article 211(2) of Directive 2009/138/EC are met by 
the special purpose vehicle 
4 – SPV not covered above  
C0270  External rating assessment by 
nominated ECAI  Rating of the SPV (if any) that is considered by the undertaking and provided by 
an external rating agency. 
If the rating is not available the item shall be left blank and the SPV shall be 
identified as ‘9 – no rating available’ in column C0290 (Credit quality step).EN  L 120/1094 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023