 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0580  Own funds from the financial 
statements that shall not be 
represented by the recon ­
ciliation reserve and do not 
meet the criteria to be clas ­
sified as Solvency II own funds 
– Total amount  This is the total amount of the own fun item from the financial statements that 
shall not be represented by the reconciliation reserve and do not meet the criteria 
to be classified as Solvency II own funds.  
C0590  Ancillary own funds – 
Description  This is details of each ancillary own fund for an individual undertaking.  
C0600  Ancillary own funds – 
Amount  This is the amount for each ancillary own fund.  
C0610  Ancillary own funds – 
Counterpart  This is the counterpart of each ancillary own fund.  
C0620  Ancillary own funds – Issue 
date  This is the issue date of each ancillary own fund. This shall be in ISO 8601 format 
(yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0630  Ancillary own fund – Date of 
authorisation  This is the date of authorisation of each ancillary own fund. This shall be in 1SO 
8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
Adjustment for ring-fenced funds and matching adjustment portfolios  
C0660  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Number  Identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching adjustment portfolio. 
This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be consistent over time 
and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other templates.  
C0670  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Notional SCR  This is the notional SCR of each ring–fenced fund/each matching adjustment 
portfolio.  
C0680  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – 
Notional SCR (negative results 
set to zero)  This is the notional SCR. When the value is negative zero shall be reported.  
C0690  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – Excess 
of assets over liabilities  This is the amount of excess of assets over liabilities of each ring–fenced fund/ 
matching adjustment portfolio. This value shall reflect any deduction of future 
transfers attributable to shareholders.  
C0700  Ring–fenced fund/matching 
adjustment portfolio – Future 
transfers attributable to share ­
holders  Value of future transfers attributable to shareholders ’ of each ring–fenced fund/ 
matching adjustment portfolio in accordance with Article 80(2) of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35.EN  L 120/848 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023