 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0100  Overall Probability of 
Default  Probability of Default for different Credit Quality Steps.  
C0010- 
C0090/R0110- 
R0170  Probability of Default 
breakdown  Probability of Default for different asset classes and different Credit Quality Steps.  
C0100/R0180  Other description  Summary of content of Other category referred in rows R0080 and R0170 so 
materiality can be judged.  
Solvency Capital Requirements  
C0110/R0190  Total undiversified credit 
risk  This is the total amount of the capital charge for credit risk before any diversification 
effects.  
C0110/R0200  Diversification: 
credit risk  This is the amount of gross diversification effects allowed in aggregation of capital 
requirements for credit risk. 
This amount should be reported as a negative value.  
C0110/R0210  Diversified risk: 
credit risk  This is the total amount of the capital charge for credit risk.  
S.26.12 – Internal model: Credit risk – for non-financial instruments  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and groups.  
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Type 1 exposures in terms of impact on SCR  
C0010/R0020- 
R0110  Name of single name 
exposure  Describe the name of the 10 largest single exposures.  
C0020/R0020- 
R0110  Code of single name 
exposure  Identification code using the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) if available. 
If not available this item should not be reportedEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1449