 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Overall calcu ­
lation of the 
matching 
adjustment  
C0010/R0010  Annual effective rate applied 
to the CF of the obligations  The annual effective rate, calculated as the single discount rate that, where applied 
to the cash flows (‘CF’) of the portfolio of insurance or reinsurance obligations, 
results in a value that is equal to the value in accordance with Article 75 of 
Directive 2009/138/EC of the portfolio of assigned assets.  
C0010/R0020  Annual effective rate of the 
best estimate  The annual effective rate, calculated as the single discount rate that, where applied 
to the cash flows of the portfolio of insurance or reinsurance obligations, results 
in a value that is equal to the value of the best estimate of the portfolio of 
insurance or reinsurance obligations where the time value of money is taken 
into account using the basic risk–free interest rate term structure.  
C0010/R0030  Probability of default used to 
de–risk assets cash flows  The probability of default corresponds to the amount expressed as a financial 
percentage (same format as for rows R0010 and R0020) used to adjust the assets 
cash flows of the assigned portfolio of assets pursuant to Article 53 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
‘De–risked assets cash flows’ means ‘expected assets cash–flows’ as referred to in 
Article 53 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
This amount shall not include the increase reported in row R0050.  
C0010/R0040  Portion of the fundamental 
spread not reflected when de– 
risking assets cash flows  Portion of the fundamental spread that has not been reflected in the adjustment to 
the cash–flows of the assigned portfolio of assets as set out in Article 53 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
This amount shall be expressed as a financial percentage (same format as rows 
R0010 and R0020). This amount shall not include the increase reported in row 
R0050.  
C0010/R0050  Increase of fundamental spread 
for sub investment grade assets  Increase of the fundamental spread for sub–investment grade assets expressed as a 
financial percentage (same format as rows R0010, R0020 and R0120). The 
increase of the probability of default for sub investment grade assets shall be 
considered in the de–risking of cash flows.  
C0010/R0060  Matching adjustment to the 
risk free rate  Matching adjustment to the risk-free rate for the reported portfolio, reported in 
basis points using decimal notation, e.g. 100bp reported as 0.01.  
Eligibility criteria 
using SCR 
mortality stress  
C0010/R0070  Mortality risk stress for the 
purpose of the matching 
adjustment  Increase of the gross best estimate calculated with the basic risk-free rate following 
a mortality risk stress compared to the gross best estimate calculated with the 
basic risk rate, as set out in Article 77b (1–f) of Directive 2009/138/EC and 
Article 52 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/803