 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0150  Fixed annual return  Identify the coupon (reported as a decimal), if applicable, for CIC categories 5 
(Structured notes) and 6 (Collateralised securities).  
C0160  Variable annual return  Identify variable rate of return, if applicable, for CIC categories 5 (Structured 
notes) and 6 (Collateralised securities). It is most commonly identified as a 
benchmark market rate plus a spread, or as dependent on the performance of 
a portfolio or index (underlying dependent) or more complex returns set by the 
path of the underlying asset’s price (path dependent), among others. 
When needed this item may be reported as a string to reflect how the return is 
calculated.  
C0170  Loss given default  The percentage (reported as a decimal) of the invested amount that will not be 
recovered following default, if applicable, for CIC categories 5 (Structured notes) 
and 6 (Collateralised securities). 
If information is not defined in the contract this item shall not be reported. This 
item is not applicable for non–credit structured product.  
C0180  Attachment point  The contractually defined loss percentage (reported as a decimal) above which the 
losses affect the structured product, if applicable, for CIC categories 5 (Structured 
notes) and 6 (Collateralised securities). This item is not applicable for non–credit 
structured product.  
C0190  Detachment point  The contractually defined loss percentage (reported as a decimal) above which the 
losses seize to affect the structured product, if applicable, for CIC categories 5 
(Structured notes) and 6 (Collateralised securities). This item is not applicable for 
non–credit structured product.  
S.08.01 – Open derivatives  
General comments:  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities.  
The derivatives categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this 
Regulation and references to CIC codes refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation. This template contains an 
item–by–item list of derivatives held directly by the undertaking (i.e. not on a look–through basis), classifiable as asset 
categories A to F.  
This template covers derivatives traded on a stock exchange or equivalent centralised market, as well as derivatives 
traded over-the-counter.  
When a derivative is traded on a stock exchange or equivalent centralised market, the counterparty is that a stock 
exchange or equivalent centralised market and not the end-counterparty, as is the case for derivatives traded over-the- 
counter.  
Derivatives are considered assets if their Solvency II value is positive or zero. They are considered liabilities if their 
Solvency II value is negative. Both derivatives considered as assets or considered as liabilities shall be included.  
Information shall include all derivatives contracts that existed during the reporting period and were not closed prior to 
the reporting reference date.  
If there are frequent trades on the same derivative, resulting in multiple open positions, the derivative can be reported 
on an aggregated or net basis, as long as all the relevant characteristics are common and following the specific 
instruction for each relevant item.  
Items shall be reported with positive values unless otherwise stated in the respective instructions.EN  L 120/686 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023