 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0310-C0360/ 
R0460  Exposure sensitive to 
equity volatility – base 
case/no shock  Solvency II value in the Solvency II balance sheet at the key date of the exposure as 
specified above and subject to equity volatility risk.  
C0310-C0360/ 
R0470  Equity volatility down 
– 25 %  Solvency II value of the exposure subject to interest rate risk as specified above but 
under the scenario of a decrease of equity volatility by – 25 %.  
C0310-C0360/ 
R0480  Equity volatility up 
+ 25 %  Solvency II value of the exposure subject to interest rate risk as specified above but 
under the scenario of an increase of equity volatility by + 25 %.  
S.26.10 – Internal model: Credit event risk – portfolio view details  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall be reported based on availability of data according to the internal model architecture and risk profile 
when possible with reasonable effort. The data to be reported shall be agreed between national supervisory authorities 
and groups.  
The following data requirements ask for six kinds of views on the asset portfolio which is subject to credit migration 
and credit default risk from a portfolio perspective. All kinds of exposures are covered, especially investments and 
reinsurance.  
The four main views are:  
— Top 10 exposures in terms of impact on SCR  
— Top 10 exposures in terms of market value  
— Split by asset classes  
— Split by credit quality steps (CQS)  
Regarding the top 10 exposures these each are required in two metrics:  
— ‘group’, i.e. exposure ranking among groups of connected counterparties  
— ‘single’, i.e. counterparties stand alone  
Example: An undertaking A has the following contractual relations with undertakings of an insurance group G. And A 
is not part of group G: (1) A has a reinsurance contract with undertaking R in group G, (2) A holds shares of the paid in 
capital for R and (3) A holds a loan issued by a life insurer L in group G in its asset portfolio. The blocks ‘group’ would 
show the three exposures combined. The blocks ‘single’ would show those separately: (1) and (2) combined for 
counterparty R and (3) for counterparty L.EN  L 120/1438 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023