 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0100/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Mortality risk  This is the net capital charge for mortality risk after the shock (after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for mortality risk 
calculated using simplifications.  
R0100/C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss–absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Mortality 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to mortality risk, after the shock (permanent 
increase in mortality rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0100/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
Mortality risk  This is the gross capital charge for mortality risk. (before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions) 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for mortality risk 
calculated using simplifications.  
R0200/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Longevity risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to longevity risk, before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0200/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Longevity risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to longevity risk charge, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.EN  L 120/1378 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023