 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0020/C0200  Article 68(2) deduction – tier 
1 unrestricted  This is the value of the Article 68(2) deduction which is deducted from tier 1 
unrestricted items in accordance with Article 68(5) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.  
R0020/C0210  Article 68(2) deduction – tier 
1 restricted  This is the value of the Article 68(2) deduction which is deducted from tier 1 
restricted items in accordance with Article 68(5) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.  
R0020/C0220  Article 68(2) deduction – 
tier 2  This is the value of the Article 68(2) deduction which is deducted from tier 2 
items in accordance with Article 68(5) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0030/C0190  Total deductions  The overall total of all deductions of participations under Article 68(1) and 
Article 68(2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0030/C0200  Total deductions – tier 1 
unrestricted  The overall total of all deductions of participations for tier 1 unrestricted under 
Article 68(1) and Article 68(2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0030/C0210  Total deductions – tier 1 
restricted  The overall total of all deductions of participations for tier 1 restricted under 
Article 68(1) and Article 68(2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0030/C0220  Total deductions – tier 2  The overall total of all deductions of participations for tier 2 under Article 68(1) 
and Article 68(2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
Table 3 – Participations in related undertakings that are financial and credit institutions which are considered strategic as d efined in Article 171 
of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 and which are included in the calculation of the group solvency on the basis of method  1 (no OF 
deduction according to Article 68(3)).  
C0230  Name of related undertaking  This is the name of the related undertaking in which the participation is held. 
These are participations in financial and credit institutions which are considered 
strategic as defined in Article 171 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35) and 
which are included in the calculation of the group solvency on the basis of 
method 1.  
C0240  Asset ID Code  Asset ID code using the following priority: 
— ISO 6166 code of ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available. 
This code must be unique and kept consistent over time. 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies, it is necessary to specify the Asset ID code and the 
ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, as in the following example: ‘code 
+ EUR’  
C0250  Asset ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Asset ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO 6166 for ISIN codeEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/853