 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
— Consider Opening Best Estimate (cell C0010/R0010) including the adjustment 
to opening Best Estimate (cells C0010/R0020 to R0040) 
— Isolate the amount of cash flows (cash in minus cash out) that were projected 
within this opening Best Estimate for the period considered 
— This isolated amount of cash flow shall come in addition to Opening Best 
Estimate (for neutralisation effect) – and be filled in cell C0010/R0070 and 
C0020/R0070.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0080  Variation of Best 
Estimate due to 
experience – risks 
accepted prior to period  The variation of Best Estimate captured here shall strictly relate to the cash flows 
projected at the end of the period when compared to the cash flows that were 
projected at the beginning of the period for the periods N + 1 and future. 
It shall only capture the changes due to the realisation of the CF in year N and not 
linked to changes in assumptions.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0090  Variation of Best 
Estimate due to changes 
in non–economic 
assumptions – risks 
accepted prior to period  It mainly refers to changes in best estimate not driven by realised technical flows 
and changes in assumptions directly linked to insurance risks (i.e. lapse rates), 
which can be referred to as non–economic assumptions. 
In order to isolate the strict scope of variation due to changes in assumptions, the 
calculation may be as follows: 
— Consider the opening Best Estimate (cell C0010/R0010) including the 
adjustment to opening Best Estimate (cell C0010/R0010 to R0040) and the 
impact of unwinding of year N projected cash–flows (C0010/R0060 to R0080 
and C0020/R0060 to R0080 respectively); 
— Based on this figure, run calculations with new assumptions not related to 
discount rates – that applied at year end N (if any) 
This will provide the variation of Best Estimate strictly related to changes in these 
assumptions. This may not capture the variation due to case–by–case revision of 
RBNS, which would thus have to be added. 
For Non–Life, cases can be expected where these changes cannot be discerned 
separately from changes due to experience (C0020/R0080). In such cases, report 
the total figure under C0020/R0080.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0100  Variation of Best 
Estimate due to changes 
in economic 
environment – risks 
accepted prior to period  It mainly refers to assumptions not directly linked to insurance risks, i.e. mainly 
the impact of the changes in economic environment on the cash flows (taking 
management actions into account, e.g. reduction of future discretionary benefits 
(‘FDB’)) and changes in discount rates. 
For non–life (C0020/R0100), in case variation due to inflation cannot be 
discerned from changes due to experience, the whole amount would be 
reported under C0020/R0080. 
In order to isolate this strict scope of variation, the calculation may be as follows:EN  L 120/1052 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023