 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0280  Run-Off Business  Identify if any undertaking belonging to the group no longer write new business for any 
LoB, but still holds contracts belonging to that LoB. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Undertakings running-off a portfolio of contracts but not their whole business 
(partial run-off undertaking or undertaking with run-off portfolio); 
2 – Undertakings running-off their whole (previous) business (full run-off undertaking); 
3 – Undertakings with a run-off business model (specialised run-off undertakings) – 
insurance undertakings or groups whose business model is to actively acquire legacy 
portfolios or whole insurers in run-off. 
4 – No run-off business  
C0010/R0290  M&A during period  Identify if mergers or acquisitions or disposal of activities affecting the information 
reported occurred in the group during the reporting period. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Yes 
2 – No  
S.01.03 – Basic information – RFF and matching adjustment portfolios  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
All ring–fenced funds and matching portfolios should be identified regardless of whether they are material for the 
purposes of submission of information.  
In the first table all ring–fenced funds and matching adjustments portfolios shall be reported. In case a ring–fenced fund 
has a matching portfolio not covering the full RFF three funds have to be identified, one for the RFF, other for the MAP 
inside the RFF and other for the remaining part of the fund (vice–versa for the situations where a MAP has an RFF).  
In the second table the relations between the funds as explained in previous paragraph are explained. Only the funds 
with such relations shall be reported in the second table.  
For group reporting the following specific requirements shall be met:  
a) This information is applicable when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used, either 
exclusively or in combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC;EN  L 120/1136 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023