 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0110–R0120/ 
C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
interest rate risk– interest 
rate down/up shock  This is the net capital charge for interest rate down/up risk, after adjustment for 
the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents the net capital charge for interest rate 
down/up risk calculated using simplifications.  
R0110–R0120/ 
C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss–absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Interest rate 
risk – Interest rate 
down/up shock  This is the absolute value of liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to interest rate down/up risks after the shock. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0110–R0120/ 
C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
interest rate risk – 
interest rate down/up 
shock  This is the gross capital charge for the interest rate down/up risk, i.e. before the 
loss absorbing capacity of Technical provisions 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, this item represents the gross capital charge for interest rate 
down/up risk calculated using simplifications.  
Equity risk  
R0200/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
equity risk  This is the net capital charge for equity risk, i.e. after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0200/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
equity risk  This is the gross capital charge for equity risk, i.e. before the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical provisions.  
R0210/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
equity risk – type 1 
equities  This is the initial absolute value of the assets sensitive to the equity risk charge 
related to type 1 equities 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0210/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– equity risk – type 1 
equities  This is the initial absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to equity risk related to 
type 1 equities. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1347