 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
The calculation may be as follows: 
— Consider part of the Opening Best Estimate related to risks covered prior to 
period, i.e. Opening Best Estimate excluding Premiums provisions; 
— Isolate the amount of cash flows (cash in minus cash out) that were projected 
within this opening Best Estimate for the period considered; 
— This isolated amount of cash flow shall come in addition to Opening Best 
Estimate (for neutralisation effect).  
C0050/R0120  Variation of Technical 
Provisions as a whole  Part of technical provisions as a whole corresponding to risks covered prior to 
period. 
See comment on C0010/R0050  
C0050/R0130  Net variation for index-linked 
and unit-linked business  This cell is deemed not applicable for Non–Life 
See instructions on C0010/R0060.  
C0050/R0140  Total  Total changes related to risks covered prior to period, gross of reinsurance.  
S.30.01 – Facultative covers for non–life and life business basic data  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is relevant to insurance and reinsurance undertakings which reinsure and/or retrocede business on a 
facultative basis.  
It shall be filled by the non–life and life insurance and reinsurance undertakings with information on facultative covers 
in the next reporting year, covering information on the 20 largest facultative reinsurance exposures (part of sum insured 
transferred to all reinsurers) overall plus the largest two in each line of business if not covered by the 20 largest. Each 
facultative risk is submitted to the reinsurer and terms and conditions of the facultative reinsurance are negotiated 
individually for each policy. Treaties that automatically cover risks are out of scope of this template and must be 
reported in S.30.03.  
Each underwriting risk shall have a unique code specified by the ‘risk identification code’.  
This template is prospective (to be in line with S.30.03) and as such shall reflect the reinsurance treaties effective and 
valid during the next reporting year for the overall 20 largest facultative reinsurance exposures plus the largest two in 
each line of business if not covered by the 20 largest. Undertakings shall report the most important risks of the next 
reporting period which are covered by reinsurance treaties valid during the next reporting period. If reinsurance strategy 
changes materially after the validity date or if the renovation of the reinsurance contracts are performed later than the 
reporting date and before next 1 January, the information on this template shall be re–submitted when adequate.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1063