 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0210/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Equity 
risk – type 1 equities  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the equity risk charge related to 
type 1 equities category, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0210/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Equity risk 
– type 1 equities  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to equity risk charge related to 
type 1 equities, after the shock and after the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0210/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
equity risk – type 1 
equities  This is the net capital charge for equity risk (for type 1 equities), after adjustment 
for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0210/C0070  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – equity risk 
– type 1 equities  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to equity risk charge related to 
type 1 equities, after the shock but before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0210/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
Equity risk – type 1 
equities  This is the gross capital charge for equity risk for type 1 equities, i.e. before the 
loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0221, R0230, 
R0231, R0240/ 
C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
equity risk – type 1 
equities  This is the initial absolute value of the assets sensitive to the equity risk (for each 
kind of type 1 equity). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0221, R0230, 
R0231, R0240/ 
C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – equity 
risk – type 1 equities  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive the equity risk charge, (for each 
kind of type 1 equity), after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.EN  L 120/1348 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023