 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than mortgage and 
loans to natural persons the information shall relate to the borrower; 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and CIC category 9 – Property; 
This item is not applicable to CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when 
relating to mortgage and loans to natural persons.  
C0180  Type of issuer code  Identification of the code used for the ‘Issuer Code’ item. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
9 – None 
This item is not applicable to CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when 
relating to mortgage and loans to natural persons. 
This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75 and CIC category 9 – Property.  
C0190  Issuer Sector  Identify the economic sector of issuer based on the latest version of NACE code 
(as published in an EC Regulation). For NACE sections A to N full four-digit 
reporting of the NACE codes is required, i.e. the letter identifying the Section 
followed by the 4 digits code for the class shall be used (e.g. ‘K6411’). For the 
remaining sections the letter reference of the NACE code identifying the Section 
shall be used as a minimum for identifying sectors (e.g. ‘P’ or ‘P8501’ would be 
acceptable). 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the issuer 
sector is the sector of the fund manager; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), 
the issuer sector is the sector of the depositary entity 
— Regarding CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, other than mortgage and 
loans to natural persons the information shall relate to the borrower; 
— This item is not applicable for CIC 71, CIC 75, CIC 09 and CIC category 9 – 
Property; 
— This item is not applicable to CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, when 
relating to mortgage and loans to natural persons.  
C0200  Issuer Group Name  Name of issuer’s ultimate parent entity. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. 
When not available, corresponds to the legal name. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Regarding CIC category 4 – Collective Investments Undertakings, the group 
relation relates to the fund manager; 
— Regarding CIC category 7 – Cash and deposits (excluding CIC 71 and CIC 75), 
the group relation relates to the depositary entityEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/705