 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030/R0530- 
R0640  Exposure at default  Total exposure at default and split by asset classes.  
C0040/R0530- 
R0640  Credit Risk Contribution  Total contribution to the credit SCR (in reporting currency) including diversifi ­
cation and split by asset classes, i.e. the sum of entries in this column gives the 
credit risk SCR.  
C0050/R0530- 
R0630  Average Probability of Default 
(in %)  Average 1Y probability of default in % for the assets as sorted by asset classes.  
C0060/R0530- 
R0630  Average Loss Given Default 
(in %)  Average loss given default in % for the assets as sorted by asset classes.  
C0070/R0530- 
R0640  Market value (% of total sum)  Total share of the market value (in %) relative to the total sum of market values of 
exposures to credit event risk and split by asset classes. Off BS and other.  
C0080/R0530- 
R0640  Credit Risk Contribution (% of 
total sum)  Total share of the credit risk contribution (in %) relative to the total credit risk 
SCR and split by asset classes.  
Split by credit quality step (CQS)  
C0020/R0650- 
R0730  Market value  Total market value in reporting currency according to the valuation used for 
solvency purposes and split by credit quality step.  
C0030/R0650- 
R0730  Exposure at default  Total exposure at default in reporting currency and split by credit quality step.  
C0040/R0650- 
R0730  Credit Risk Contribution  Total contribution to the credit SCR (in reporting currency) including diversifi ­
cation and split by credit quality step, i.e. the sum of entries in this column gives 
the credit risk SCR.  
C0050/R0650- 
R0720  Average Probability of Default 
(in %)  Average 1Y probability of default in % for the assets as sorted by credit quality 
steps.  
C0060/R0650- 
R0720  Average Loss Given Default 
(in %)  Average loss given default in % for the assets as sorted by credit quality steps.  
C0070/R0650- 
R0730  Market value (% of total sum)  Total share of the market value (in %) relative to the total sum of market values of 
exposures to credit event risk and split by credit quality step.  
C0080/R0650- 
R0730  Credit Risk Contribution (% of 
total sum)  Total share of the credit risk contribution (in %) relative to the total credit risk 
SCR and split by credit quality step.  
C0100/R0740  Credit event risk (‘migration 
and default’) – 99,5 %  This is the total amount of the capital charge for credit event risk (‘migration and 
default’) for 99,5 % quantile.  
C0100/R0750  Expected loss – mean  This is the total amount of mean of the probability distribution of expected loss 
for credit event risk (‘migration and default’).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/961