 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0760/R2410  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine before risk mitigation – 
Diversification between type of 
event  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges 
before risk mitigation relating to different type of events for marine risks.  
C0760/R2420  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine before risk mitigation – 
Total after diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation, after diversification 
effect between the types of events, for marine risks.  
C0770/R2400  Estimated Total Risk Miti ­
gation – Total before diversifi ­
cation  This is the total risk mitigation effect, before diversification effect between types of 
events, of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose 
vehicles arising from the marine risks.  
C0780/R2400  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine after risk mitigation – 
Total before diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation, before diversification 
effect between types of events, for marine risks.  
C0780/R2410  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine after risk mitigation – 
Diversification between type of 
event  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the total capital charges after 
risk mitigation relating to different type of events for marine risks.  
C0780/R2420  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Marine after risk mitigation – 
Total after diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation, after diversification effect 
between the types of events, for marine risks.  
Man–made 
catastrophe risk 
– Aviation  
C0790–C0800/ 
R2500  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Aviation before risk mitigation 
– Type of cover – before risk 
mitigation  This is the capital requirement before risk mitigation, per type of cover (Aviation 
hull and Aviation liability), for risks arising from Aviation. 
The maximum relates to all aircrafts insured by the insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking in lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35: 
— Marine, aviation and transport, including proportional reinsurance obligations; 
and 
— Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance. 
The amount per type of cover is equal to the sum insured for the specific type of 
cover accepted by the insurance or reinsurance undertaking for aviation insurance 
and reinsurance and in relation to the selected aircraft.  
C0810/R2500  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
Aviation before risk mitigation  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for risks arising from 
Aviation.EN  L 120/1014 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023