 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0410/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – SLT health 
lapse risk– risk of increase in 
lapse  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the risk of an increase in lapse 
rates, before the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0410/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – SLT health 
lapse risk – risk of increase in 
lapse  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the risk of an increase in lapse 
rates, before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0410/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – SLT health lapse risk 
–risk of increase in lapse  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the risk of an increase in lapse 
rates after the shock (i.e. permanent increase in the rates of lapse). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0410/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – SLT health lapse 
risk –risk of increase in lapse  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to the risk of an increase in lapse rates, after the 
shock (i.e. permanent increase of the rates of lapse). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0410/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – SLT health lapse 
risk –risk of increase in lapse  This is the net capital charge for the risk of a permanent increase in lapse rates, 
after adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0050/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for a permanent 
increase in SLT health lapse rates referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, calculated using simplified calculation for SLT 
health lapse rate.  
R0410/C0070  Absolute value after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – SLT health lapse 
risk – risk of increase in lapse  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) underlying the risk of a permanent increase in lapse rates, 
after the shock (permanent increase in lapse rates) as used to compute the risk. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0410/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – SLT health lapse 
risk –risk of increase in lapse  This is the gross capital charge (excluding the loss absorbing capacity for technical 
provisions) for the risk of a permanent increase in lapse rates. 
If R0050/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for a permanent 
increase in lapse rates, calculated using simplified calculation for SLT health lapse 
rate referred to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/921