 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070/R0010  Impact of volatility adjustment 
set to zero – Technical provi ­
sions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application 
of the volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the volatility 
adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the technical provisions without volatility 
adjustment and without other transitional measures and the maximum between 
the technical provisions reported under C0010, C0020 and C0040.  
C0080/R0010  Without matching adjustment 
and without all the others – 
Technical Provisions  Total amount of gross technical provisions without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0010  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Technical Provisions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application 
of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the volatility 
adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the technical provisions without matching 
adjustment and without all the other transitional measures and the maximum 
between the technical provisions reported under C0010, C0020, C0040 and 
C0060.  
C0100/R0010  Impact of all LTG measures 
and transitionals – Technical 
Provisions  Amount of the adjustment to the gross technical provisions due to the application 
of the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0020  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Basic own 
funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions 
including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures and transi ­
tional measures.  
C0020/R0020  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – Basic 
own funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions 
without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, 
but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching 
adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0020  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – Basic 
own funds  Amount of the adjustment to the Basic own funds due to the application of the 
transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the basic own funds calculated considering the 
technical provisions without transitional deduction to technical provisions and the 
basic own funds calculated with the technical provisions with LTG and transi ­
tional measures.  
C0040/R0020  Without transitional on 
interest rate – Basic own funds  Total amount of basic own funds calculated considering technical provisions 
without the adjustment due to the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk- 
free interest rate term structure, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility 
adjustment and the matching adjustment.EN  L 120/786 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023