 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Net Premium risk model data  
R0910  Net Written Premium  Net premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during the financial year in 
respect of insurance contracts, arising from direct business, regardless of the fact 
that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later financial year.  
R0920  Net Earned Premium  It is the sum of net premiums written minus the change in the net provision for 
unearned premiums related to insurance direct business.  
R0930  Net written premium planned 
in the 12 months post the 
Reference Date  Net premium planned to be written within the 12 months following the reporting 
reference date via binder agreements either signed before or after the reference 
date.  
R0940  Net written unearned premium 
at the Reference Date (only if 
premium provision allocated 
to premium risk)  Written unearned premium net of reinsurance. This cell should be filled in if the 
premium provision at the reporting reference date is allocated to premium risk.  
R0950  Premium Provision – 
discounted (only if premium 
provision allocated to 
premium risk)  The discounted sum of future cash flows that comprise the premium provisions 
net of reinsurance recoverables. This cell should be filled in if the premium 
provision at the reporting reference date is allocated to premium risk.  
R0960  Solvency Capital Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings need to 
face their risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each 
internal line of business, SII LoBs and aggregate level based on net of reinsurance 
data.  
R0970  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained based on 
the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R0980  Simulated standard deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output 
obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted 
basis).  
R0990-R1200  Percentiles from 0.001 to 
0.999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in 
the table related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation 
process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
Overall Non-Life and Health NSLT gross of reinsurance  
Z0020  Risk type  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Non-life and NSLT health premium risk and reserve risk aggregated jointly 
with implicit catastrophe risk 
2 – Non-life and NSLT health premium risk and reserve risk aggregated jointlyEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/973