 
S.02.01 – Balance sheet  
General comments:  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities, ring-fenced funds and 
remaining part.  
The ‘Solvency II value’ column (C0010) shall be completed using the valuation principles set out in the Directive 
2009/138/EC, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, Technical Standards issued under Directive 2009/138/EC and EIOPA 
Guidelines.  
With regards to the ‘Statutory accounts value’ column (C0020), recognition and valuation methods are the ones used by 
undertakings in their statutory accounts in accordance with the local GAAP or IFRS if accepted as local GAAP. In 
template SR.02.01 this column is only applicable if the development of financial statements by RFF is required by 
national law.  
The default instruction is that each item shall be reported in the ‘Statutory accounts value’ column, separately. However, 
in the ‘Statutory accounts value’ column the dotted rows were introduced in order to enable the reporting of aggregated 
figures if the split figures are not available.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Assets  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund or remaining 
part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to an RFF or to the 
remaining part. One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund number  When item Z0020 = 1, this is a unique number or code of fund, as attributed by 
the undertaking. It shall remain unvarying over time. It shall not be re–used for 
any other fund. 
When item Z0020 = 2, then report ‘0’  
C0020/R0010  Goodwill  Intangible asset that arises as the result of a business combination and that 
represents the economic value of assets that cannot be individually identified or 
separately recognised in a business combination.  
C0020/R0020  Deferred acquisition costs  Acquisition costs relating to contracts in force at the balance sheet date which are 
carried forward from one reporting period to subsequent reporting periods, 
relating to the unexpired periods of risks. In relation to life business, acquisition 
costs are deferred when it is probable that they will be recovered.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0030  Intangible assets  Intangible assets other than goodwill. An identifiable non–monetary asset without 
physical substance.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0040  Deferred tax assets  Deferred tax assets are the amounts of income taxes recoverable in future periods 
in respect of: 
(a) deductible temporary differences; 
(b) the carry forward of unused tax losses; and/or 
(c) the carry forward of unused tax credits.EN  L 120/620 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023