 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0195  Indication of belonging to the 
20 largest exposures  Please indicate whether the exposure belongs to the 20 largest exposures of the 
undertaking. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Belongs to 20 largest 
2 – LoB not in the 20 largest  
C0230  Share reinsurer (%)  Percentage of the facultative placement accepted by the reinsurer, expressed as an 
absolute percentage of the Amount reinsured on a facultative basis, with all 
reinsurers, as reported in column C0310 of S.30.01 – Facultative covers (in 
terms of reinsured exposure) – Basic. 
The percentage shall be reported as a decimal.  
C0240  Currency  Identify ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the facul ­
tative cover. All the amounts must be expressed in this currency for the specific 
facultative cover, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory authority. 
In case the facultative cover is placed in two different currencies, then the main 
currency must be filled.  
C0250  Sum reinsured to facultative 
reinsurer  The sum reinsured on a facultative basis with the reinsurer.  
C0260  Facultative ceded reinsurance 
premium  Expected gross annual or written reinsurance premium, ceded to reinsurer for 
their share.  
C0270  Annotations  Description of cases where either the reinsurer’s participation is at conditions 
different from those of the standard facultative or treaty placement, or to 
provide any other information that the undertaking has to bring to the 
attention of the Supervisor.  
Information on reinsurers and brokers  
C0280  Code reinsurer  Identification code of the reinsurer by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI); 
— Specific code attributed by the undertaking 
In case a specific code is attributed by the undertaking, the code shall be unique 
for the specific reinsurer and shall not overlap with any other code, attributed by 
the undertaking or LEI code. 
In the cases where a code already exists (e.g. national identifier), the same code is 
used as this identifier and shall be kept consistently over time until a LEI code 
exists.  
C0290  Type of code reinsurer  Identification of the code used in item ‘Code reinsurer’ The following closed list 
shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0300  Legal name reinsurer  Legal name of the reinsurer to whom the underwriting risk has been transferred. 
The official name of the risk–carrier reinsurer is stated in the reinsurance contract. 
It is not permitted to fill in the name of a reinsurance broker. Nor is it permitted 
to state a general or incomplete name as international reinsurers have several 
operating companies that may be based in different countries. 
In case of pooling arrangements, the name of the Pool (or pool manager) can be 
filled only if the Pool is a legal entity.EN  L 120/1074 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023