 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
The corresponding information is relevant for the interpretation of credit risk 
related line R12 to R17 in table 2 (‘marginal risks’, S.26.09 R0150 to R0200) 
and for table 3 (‘combined risks’, to S.26.09 R0010 to R0030).  
STAND ALONE MARKET AND CREDIT RISK: ‘SCR’ AND DISTRIBUTION DATA  
C0020-C0060/ 
R0040  Interest rate risk sum  Sum of the respective values of C0020-C0060/R0060 and C0020-C0060/R0070.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0050  Interest rate risk sum of which: 
Interest rate risk diversified  Within the market & credit risk, the interest rate risk comprises the sensitivity of 
the values of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the term 
structure of interest rates, or in the volatility of interest rates. It does not comprise 
the sensitivity to any of the facets of credit risk. 
In this line, only diversification between changes in the term structure of interest 
rates and changes in the volatility of interest rates should be taken into account.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0060  Interest rate risk sum of which: 
Interest rate risk  This risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and financial 
instruments to changes in the term structure of interest rates, but neither changes 
in the volatility of interest rates nor any facets of credit risk.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0070  Interest rate risk sum of which: 
Interest rate volatility risk  This risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and financial 
instruments to changes in the volatility of interest rates but no facets of credit 
risk.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0080  Inflation risk  Within the market and credit risk, this risk comprises the sensitivity of the values 
of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the inflation. 
As inflation in certain internal models is also allowed for e.g. in the underwriting 
risk, please ensure, that there is no double-counting.  
C0020-C0060/ 
R0090  Equity risk sum  Sum of the respective values of C0020-C0060/R0110 and C0020-C0060/R0120.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0100  Equity risk sum of which: 
Equity risk diversified  Within the market and credit risk, the equity risk comprises the sensitivity of the 
values of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the level, or in 
the volatility of market prices of equities. 
In this line, diversification between changes in the level and changes in the 
volatility of market prices should be taken into account.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0110  Equity risk sum of which: 
Equity risk  Equity risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and financial 
instruments to changes in the level of market prices of equities.EN  L 120/950 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023