 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking  
NC0110  Type of instrument  Identify the transaction type. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Derivatives – futures 
2 – Derivatives – forwards 
3 – Derivatives – options 
4 – Derivatives – others 
5 – Guarantees – credit protection 
6 – Guarantees – others 
7 – Swaps 
8 – Others 
A repurchase agreement shall be considered as cash transaction plus forward 
contract.  
NC0120  Type of protection  Identify the transaction type. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – credit default 
2 – interest rate 
3 – currency 
4 – others  
NC0130  Purpose of the instrument  Describe use of derivative (micro/macro hedge, efficient portfolio management). 
Micro hedge refers to derivatives covering a single financial instrument, forecasted 
transaction or liability. Macro hedge refers to derivatives covering a set of financial 
instruments, forecasted transactions or liabilities. The following closed list shall be 
used: 
1 – Micro hedge 
2 – Macro hedge 
3 – Matching assets and liabilities cash-flows 
4 – Efficient portfolio management, other than ‘Matching assets and liabilities 
cash-flows’ 
5 – Others  
NC0140  Starting date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the date of the transaction/trade of 
the derivative contract. For rolled contracts use the initial trade date.  
NC0150  Maturity date  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy-mm-dd) code of the contractually defined date of 
close of the derivative contract, whether at maturity date, expiring date for 
options (European or American), etc.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1103