 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010– 
C0020/R0390  Own shares (held 
directly)  This is the total amount of own shares held directly by the group.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0400  Amounts due in respect 
of own fund items or 
initial fund called up but 
not yet paid in  Value of the amount due in respect of own fund items or initial fund called up but not 
yet paid in.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0410  Cash and cash equiv ­
alents  Notes and coin in circulation that are commonly used to make payments, and deposits 
exchangeable for currency on demand at par and which are directly usable for making 
payments by cheque, draft, giro order, direct debit/credit, or other direct payment 
facility, without penalty or restriction. 
Bank accounts shall not be netted off, thus only positive accounts shall be recognised in 
this item and bank overdrafts shall be shown within liabilities unless where both legal 
right of offset and demonstrable intention to settle net exist.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0420  Any other assets, not 
elsewhere shown  This is the amount of any other assets not elsewhere already included within balance 
Sheet items.  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0500  Total assets  This is the overall total amount of all assets.  
Liabilities  
C0010–C0020/ 
R0510  Technical provisions – 
non–life  Sum of the technical provisions non–life. 
This amount shall include the apportionment from the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions in accordance with the contributory methodology used for the 
purposes of MCR calculation. 
With regard to ‘statutory accounts values’ column (C0020), where the split of technical 
provisions for non –life between non – life (excluding health) and health (similar to 
non – life) is not possible, this item shall reflect the sum.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0520  Technical provisions – 
non–life (excluding 
health)  This is the total amount of technical provisions for non – life business (excluding 
health). 
This amount shall include the apportionment from the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions in accordance with the contributory methodology used for the 
purposes of MCR calculation.EN  L 120/1146 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023