 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0080/R0310- 
R0570  Mean  The mean of the probability distribution of the net SCR  
C0090/R0310- 
R0570  Standard deviation  The Standard deviation of the probability distribution of the net SCR  
C0100- 
C0310/R0310- 
R0570  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  It is expected that the insurance and reinsurance undertakings indicate the 
amounts of the percentiles required in the table related to the probability 
distribution obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and 
on discounted basis).  
OPTION 2 – HEALTH RISK  
To be completed if the internal model only has a split between Trend and Level risk. In that case the following template 
(S.26.14.01.05) replaces the template above (S.26.14.01.03).  
C0010/R0600  Net Best Estimate 
liability + Technical 
provisions calculated as a 
whole  Best estimate shall be reported net of reinsurance and refers to the products of the 
health insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category. TPs 
calculated as a whole should be taken in as well. 
The split for disability-morbidity risk aggregate refers to annuities paid out (‘APO’) 
or not (‘ANPO’).  
C0050/R0600  Net Written Premiums  The total of the net written premiums shall be reported for the products of the 
health insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0060/R0600  Sum insured  The total sum insured shall be reported for the products of the health insurance 
portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0070/R0580- 
R0600  Solvency Capital 
Requirements  The SCR for the relevant risk category, net of reinsurance. 
For the aggregate risks, the net SCR after aggregation over the underlying 
submodules should be reported.  
C0080/R0580- 
R0600  Mean  The mean of the probability distribution of the net SCR  
C0090/R0580- 
R0600  Standard deviation  The Standard deviation of the probability distribution of the net SCR  
C0100- 
C0310/R0580- 
R0600  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  It is expected that the insurance and reinsurance undertakings indicate the 
amounts of the percentiles required in the table related to the probability 
distribution obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and 
on discounted basis).  
SOLVENCY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTSEN  L 120/1470 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023