 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0710  Technical provisions – 
index–linked and unit– 
linked – Best estimate  This is the total amount of best estimate of technical provisions for index – linked and 
unit – linked business. 
Best estimate shall be reported gross of reinsurance. 
This amount shall include the apportionment from the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions in accordance with the contributory methodology used for the 
purposes of MCR calculation.  
C0010/R0720  Technical provisions – 
index–linked and unit– 
linked – Risk margin  This is the total amount of risk margin of technical provisions for index – linked and 
unit – linked business. 
This amount shall include the apportionment from the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions in accordance with the contributory methodology used for the 
purposes of MCR calculation.  
C0020/R0730  Other technical provi ­
sions  Other technical provisions, as recognised by the group in their statutory accounts, in 
accordance with the local GAAP or IFRS.  
C0010/R0740  Contingent liabilities  A contingent liability is defined as: 
a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be 
confirmed only by the occurrence or non–occurrence of one or more uncertain 
future events not wholly within the control of the entity; or 
b) a present obligation that arises from past events even if: 
(i) it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation; or 
(ii) the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability. 
The amount of contingent liabilities recognised in the balance sheet shall follow the 
criteria set in Article 11 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0750  Provisions other than 
technical provisions  Liabilities of uncertain timing or amount, excluding the ones reported under ‘Pension 
benefit obligations’. 
The provisions are recognised as liabilities (assuming that a reliable estimate can be 
made) when they represent obligations and it is probable that an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligations.  
C0010– 
C0020/R0760  Pension benefit obliga ­
tions  This is the total net obligations related to employees’ pension scheme.EN  L 120/1150 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023