 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0060/C0030  Net solvency capital 
requirement – Diversification  Amount of the diversification effects between Basic SCR of net risk modules, 
including diversification within each risk module, due to the application of the 
correlation matrix defined in Annex IV of Directive 2009/138/EC. 
This amount shall be reported as a negative value.  
R0060/C0040  Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Diversification  Amount of the diversification effects between Basic SCR of gross risk modules, 
including diversification within each risk module, due to the application of the 
correlation matrix defined in Annex IV of Directive 2009/138/EC. 
This amount shall be reported as a negative value.  
R0070/C0030  Net solvency capital 
requirement – Intangible asset 
risk  Amount of the capital charge, after the adjustment for the loss–absorbing capacity 
of technical provisions, for intangible assets risk, as calculated using the standard 
formula.  
R0070/C0040  Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Intangible assets 
risk  The future discretionary benefits in accordance with Article 205 of the Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35 for intangible assets risk is zero under standard formula, 
hence R0070/C0040 equals R0070/C0030.  
R0100/C0030  Net solvency capital 
requirement – Basic Solvency 
Capital Requirement  Amount of the basic capital requirements, after the consideration of future discre ­
tionary benefits as laid down in Article 206 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, as calculated using the standard formula. 
This amount shall fully consider the diversification effects referred to in 
Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC where applicable. 
This cell does not include the allocation of the adjustment due to the aggregation 
of the nSCR of the RFF/MAP at entity level. These figures represent the SCR as if 
there was no loss of diversification. 
This amount shall be calculated as a sum of the net capital charges for each risk 
module within the standard formula, including adjustment for diversification 
effect within standard formula.  
R0100/C0040  Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Basic Solvency 
Capital Requirement  Amount of the basic capital requirements, before the consideration of future 
discretionary benefits referred to in Article 205 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, as calculated using the standard formula. 
This amount shall fully consider diversification effects as laid down in Article 304 
of Directive 2009/138/EC where applicable. 
This cell does not include the allocation of the adjustment due to the aggregation 
of the nSCR of the RFF/MAP at entity level. These figures represent the SCR as if 
there was no loss of diversification. 
This amount shall be calculated as a sum of the gross capital charges for each risk 
module within the standard formula, including adjustment for diversification 
effect within standard formulaEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/867