 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking in case that none of the above options are 
available. This option shall also be used for the cases of ‘Multiple assets/liabilities ’ and 
indexes.  
C0110  Use of derivative  Describe the use of the derivative (micro/macro hedge, efficient portfolio management). 
Micro hedge refers to derivatives covering a single financial instrument (asset or 
liability), forecasted transaction or other liability. 
Macro hedge refers to derivatives covering a set of financial instruments (assets or 
liabilities), forecasted transactions or other liabilities. 
Efficient portfolio management refers usually to operations where the manager wishes 
to improve a portfolio’ income by exchanging a (lower) cash–flow pattern by another 
with a higher value, using a derivative or set of derivatives, without changing the asset’ 
portfolio composition, having a lower investment amount and less transaction costs. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Micro hedge 
2 – Macro hedge 
3 – Matching assets and liabilities cash–flows used in the context of matching 
adjustment portfolios 
4 – Efficient portfolio management, other than ‘Matching assets and liabilities cash– 
flows’ used in the context of matching adjustment portfolios  
C0131  Notional amount of the 
derivative  The amount covered or exposed to the derivative, reported in the original currency. 
For futures and options it corresponds to contract size multiplied by the trigger value 
and by the number of contracts reported in that line. For swaps and forwards it 
corresponds to the contract amount of the contracts reported in that line. When the 
trigger value corresponds to a range, the average value of the range shall be used. 
The notional amount refers to the amount that is being hedged/invested (when not 
covering risks). If several trades occur, it shall be the net amount at the reporting date.EN  L 120/1216 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023