 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Legal name of the 
undertaking  Legal name of each undertaking  
C0020  Identification code of the 
undertaking  Identification code by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) mandatory if existing; 
— Specific code in case of absence of LEI code. 
Specific code: 
— For EEA regulated undertakings other than insurance and reinsurance under ­
takings within the scope of group supervision: identification code used in the 
local market, attributed by the undertaking’s competent supervisory authority; 
— For non–EEA undertakings and non–regulated undertakings within the scope 
of group supervision, identification code will be provided by the group. When 
allocating an identification code to each non–EEA or non–regulated under ­
taking, the group should comply with the following format in a consistent 
manner: 
identification code of the parent undertaking + ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of 
the country of the undertaking + 5 digits  
C0030  Type of code of the ID of 
the undertaking code  Identification of the code used in item ‘Identification code of the undertaking ’: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0040  Entity Level/RFF or 
MAP/Remaining Part  Identify to which the information is related to. The following closed list shall be 
used: 
1 – Entity level 
2 – Material Ring fenced fund or Matching Adjustment Portfolio 
3 – Remaining part  
C0050  Fund Number  When C0040 = 2, this is the unique number of each material ring–fenced fund or 
matching adjustment portfolio as attributed by the group. It shall remain 
unvarying over time. It shall not be re–used for other funds or portfolios). The 
number shall be used consistently across all templates, where relevant, to identify 
the fund/portfolio. 
When C0040 = 1 or 3, it shall be reported ‘0’.  
EEA and non EEA 
insurance and 
reinsurance under ­
takings (using 
Solvency II rules)EN  L 120/1540 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023