 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0160  Catastrophe  Name of natural catastrophe or man-made peril per modelled region. Please include 
name of region and peril. Do not include generic names like region1 or peril1. It is 
recommended that the names of the perils and the regions are in English.  
C0170  Commercially available 
vendor model used (if 
applicable)  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
Yes 
No  
C0180  Commercially available 
vendor model name and 
version used (if applic ­
able)  If a commercially available vendor model is used in the internal model for the peril this 
field should contain the name of the model and the version of the model that the 
simulations are based on.  
C0190  Explanatory information 
(if AEP loss is not avail ­
able)  Provide short concise information on model and reasons, if the field ‘AEP loss’ is not 
available. If agreed with the responsible supervisor this field could also be used to 
provide information on modelling approaches in other cases.  
C0200  Total Sum insured  The insurance or reinsurance undertaking is expected to report their total sum insured 
for direct business by peril and region.  
C0210  Exposure amount  The exposure amount used by the undertaking that has been agreed upon with the 
respective supervisor. The metric used can be different among perils and regions.  
C0220  Exposure metric  Short description of exposure metric used in previous column (C6).  
Distribution of losses from Catastrophe Perils – Total (property and non-property) business  
Z0010  Internal line of business  Name of the internal line of business used by the undertaking.  
C0230-C0400/ 
R1710  Simulated mean from 
model for Total (property 
and non-property) 
business  This is the mean of the probability distribution corresponding to each peril and aggre ­
gation of perils. It is the output obtained based on the simulation process. The mean 
should be reported with the following splits: 
— Mean of OEP for all business gross of reinsurance 
— Mean of AEP for all business gross of reinsurance 
— Mean of Annual loss for all business gross of reinsurance 
— Mean of OEP for all business net of reinsurance 
— Mean of AEP for all business net of reinsurance 
— Mean of Annual loss for all business net of reinsurance 
‘Annual loss’ is explicitly not ‘Average Annual Loss’ (AAL), but the loss determined 
according to the statistical measure, i.e. mean, standard deviation or percentile. AAL 
corresponds to the mean annual loss.”EN  L 120/1464 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023