 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070/R0040  Impact of volatility 
adjustment set to zero – 
Basic own funds – 
Restricted own funds due 
to ring–fencing and 
matching portfolio  Amount of the adjustment to the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing due to the 
application of the volatility adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the vola ­
tility adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing 
calculated considering the technical provisions without volatility adjustment and 
without other transitional measures and the restricted own funds due to ring– 
fencing calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0040  Without matching 
adjustment and without 
all the others – Basic own 
funds – Restricted own 
funds due to ring–fencing 
and matching portfolio  Total amount of restricted own funds due to ring–fencing calculated considering 
technical provisions without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0040  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Basic own funds – 
Restricted own funds due 
to ring–fencing and 
matching portfolio  Amount of the adjustment to the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing due to the 
application of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the 
volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing 
calculated considering the technical provisions without matching adjustment and 
without all the other transitional measures and the restricted own funds due to 
ring–fencing calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0040  Impact of all LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Basic own 
funds – Restricted own 
funds due to ring–fencing 
and matching portfolio  Amount of the adjustment to the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing due to the 
application of the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0050  Amount with LTG 
measures and transi ­
tionals – Eligible own 
funds to meet SCR  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated considering technical 
provisions including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee measures and 
transitional measures.  
C0020/R0050  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – 
Eligible own funds to 
meet SCR  Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR calculated considering technical 
provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to technical provi ­
sions, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment and the matching 
adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.EN  L 120/1250 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023