 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
This item is not applicable to derivatives for which undertakings using internal 
model use internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use 
internal rating, this item shall be reported. 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
0 – Credit quality step 0 
1 – Credit quality step 1 
2 – Credit quality step 2 
3 – Credit quality step 3 
4 – Credit quality step 4 
5 – Credit quality step 5 
6 – Credit quality step 6 
9 – No rating available  
C0320  Internal rating  Internal rating of derivatives for undertakings using internal ratings. 
For undertakings applying a matching adjustment the internal rating shall be 
reported to the extent that the internal ratings are used to calculate the funda ­
mental spread referred to in Article 77c(2) of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
C0330  Counterparty group  Only applicable to Over–The–Counter derivatives, regarding contractual counter ­
parties other than an exchange market and Central Counterparty (CCP). 
Name of the ultimate parent entity of counterparty. When available, this item 
corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. When not available, 
corresponds to the legal name.  
C0340  Counterparty group code  Only applicable to Over–The–Counter derivatives, regarding contractual counter ­
parties other than an exchange market and Central Counterparty (CCP). 
Identification code of the counterparty using the following priority: 
— LEI, when available 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when LEI is not available, which shall be 
consistent over time 
When not applicable, this item shall not be reported.  
C0350  Type of counterparty group 
code  Identification of the code used for the ‘Counterparty group Code’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0360  Contract name  Name of the derivative contract.  
C0370  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the derivative, i.e., 
currency of the notional amount of the derivative (e.g.: option having as 
underlying an amount in USD, currency for which the notional amount is 
expressed contractually for FX swap, etc.).EN  L 120/694 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023