 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0250/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) equity risk –type 2 
equities  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to equity risk (for type 2 
equities), after the shock but before the loss absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0250/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Equity risk – 
type 2 equities  This is the gross capital charge for equity risk for type 2 equities, i.e. before the 
loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0261, R0270, 
R0271, 
R0280/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – equity risk – 
type 2 equities  This is the value of the assets sensitive to the equity risk (for each kind of type 2 
equities) 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0261, R0270, 
R0271,R0280/ 
C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – equity risk –type 2 
equities  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to equity risk (for each kind of 
type 2 equities), after the equity shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0291/C0020, 
R0293-R0295/ 
C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Equity risk – 
qualifying infrastructure 
corporate equities  This is the initial absolute value of the assets sensitive to the equity risk for each 
kind of qualifying infrastructure corporate equities. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0291/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Equity risk 
– qualifying infrastructure 
corporate equities  This is the initial absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the equity risk for each 
kind of qualifying infrastructure corporate equities. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0291/C0040, 
R0293-R0295/ 
C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Equity risk – qual ­
ifying infrastructure corporate 
equities  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to equity risk for each kind of 
qualifying infrastructure corporate equities, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0291/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss- 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Equity risk – 
qualifying infrastructure 
corporate equities  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to equity risk (for each kind of 
qualifying infrastructure corporate equities), after the shock and after the appli ­
cation of the adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/883