 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0500/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
market risk concentra ­
tions  This is the gross capital charge for market risk concentrations, aggregated for each 
single name exposure, i.e. before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provi ­
sions.  
Currency risk  
R0600/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – currency 
risk  This is the sum for the different currencies of: 
— the capital requirement (including after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) for an increase in value of the foreign currency against 
the local currency; 
— the capital requirement (including after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) for a decrease in value of the foreign currency against 
the local currency.  
R0600/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
currency risk  This is the sum for the different currencies of: 
— the capital requirement (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provi ­
sions) for an increase in value of the foreign currency against the local 
currency; 
— the capital requirement (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provi ­
sions) for a decrease in value of the foreign currency against the local 
currency.  
R0610–R0620/ 
C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Currency risk – increase/ 
decrease in the value of 
the foreign currency  This is the total value of the assets sensitive to currency increase/decrease risk, 
before shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0610–R0620/ 
C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Currency risk – 
increase/decrease in the 
value of the foreign 
currency  This is the total value of the liabilities sensitive to currency increase/decrease risk, 
before shock. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0610–R0620/ 
C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – 
Currency risk – increase/ 
decrease in the value of 
the foreign currency  This is the absolute value of assets sensitive to currency increase/decrease risk after 
the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1369