 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
3 – Not applicable as the adjustment for the loss-absorbing capacity of deferred 
taxes (LAC DT) is not used (in this case R0600 to R0690 are not applicable) 
See EIOPA Guidelines on loss-absorbing capacity of technical provisions and 
deferred taxes (EIOPA-BoS-14/177)  
Calculation of the adjustment for loss-absorbing capacity of deferred taxes  
R0600/C0110  DTA Before the shock  Total amount of the deferred tax assets (DTA) in the balance-sheet using Solvency 
II valuation before the instantaneous loss described in Article 207(1) and (2) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. The DTA amount of this cell shall be 
consistent with the value in the cell R0040/C0010 in S.02.01  
R0600/C0120  DTA After the shock  Total amount of the deferred tax assets (DTA) if a balance-sheet using Solvency II 
valuation was set up after the instantaneous loss, as provided for in Article 207 
(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. This cell shall be left blank 
where R0590/C0109 is filled with ‘1-Yes’.  
R0610/C0110  DTA carry forward – Before 
the shock  Amount of deferred tax assets (DTA) in the balance-sheet using Solvency II 
valuation due to carry forward of previous losses or tax deductions before the 
instantaneous loss described in Article 207(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
R0610/C0120  DTA carry forward – After the 
shock  Amount of deferred tax assets (DTA) due to carry forward of previous losses or 
tax deductions if a balance-sheet using Solvency II valuation was set up after the 
instantaneous loss, as provided for in Article 207(1) and (2) of Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35. This cell shall be left blank where R0590/C0109 is filled 
with ‘1-Yes’.  
R0620/C0110  DTA due to deductible 
temporary differences – Before 
the shock  Amount of deferred tax assets (DTA) in the balance-sheet using Solvency II 
valuation due to differences between the Solvency II valuation of an asset or 
liability and its tax base before the instantaneous loss described in Article 207 
(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35  
R0620/C0120  DTA due to deductible 
temporary differences – After 
the shock  Amount of deferred tax assets (DTA) due to differences between the Solvency II 
valuation of an asset or liability and its tax base if a balance-sheet using Solvency 
II valuation was set up after the instantaneous loss, as provided for in Article 207 
(1) and (2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. This cell shall be left blank if 
R0590/C0109 is filled with ‘1-Yes’.  
R0630/C0110  DTL – Before the shock  Amount of Deferred Tax Liabilities (DTL) in the balance-sheet using Solvency II 
valuation before the instantaneous loss described in Article 207(1) and (2) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. The DTL amount of this cell shall be 
consistent with the value in the cell R0780/C0010 in S.02.01.EN  L 120/870 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023