 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0140  Diversification  The difference between total undiversified standalone non-life and health NSLT under ­
writing risk and total non-life underwriting risk diversified. This amount is the diver ­
sification effect and shall be reported as a negative value.  
C0150  Diversified  The total amount of non-life and health NSLT risk underwriting after applying diver ­
sification effects among different risks. This amount will include catastrophe risk if it is 
modelled jointly with the premium and reserve risk, otherwise catastrophe risk will be 
reported using separate codes described in the ‘DISTRIBUTION OF LOSSES FROM 
CATASTROPHE PERILS’ section of this LOG file.  
R1210  Solvency Capital 
Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings need to face 
their risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each internal 
line of business, SII LoBs and aggregate level based on gross of reinsurance data.  
R1220  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained based on the 
simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R1230  Simulated (output) 
standard deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained 
based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R1240-R1450  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in the 
chart related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation process 
(gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
Overall Non-Life and Health NSLT net of reinsurance  
R1460  Solvency Capital 
Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance undertakings need to face 
their risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each internal 
line of business, SII LoBs and aggregate level based on net of reinsurance data.  
R1470  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained based on the 
simulation process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R1480  Simulated (output) 
standard deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained 
based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R1490-R1700  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in the 
chart related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation process 
(net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
Distribution of losses from Catastrophe Perils  
C0020  Classes impacted by the 
catastrophe event  List of all classes impacted by the catastrophe event for the relevant peril.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1463