 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R1470  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained based on 
the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R1480  Simulated (output) standard 
deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output 
obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted 
basis).  
R1490-R1700  Percentiles from 0.001 to 
0.999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in 
the chart related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation 
process (net of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
Distribution of losses from Catastrophe Perils  
C0020  Classes impacted by the catas ­
trophe event  List of all classes impacted by the catastrophe event for the relevant peril.  
C0160  Catastrophe  Name of natural catastrophe or man-made peril per modelled region. Please 
include name of region and peril. Do not include generic names like region1 
or peril1. It is recommended that the names of the perils and the regions are 
in English.  
C0170  Commercially available vendor 
model used (if applicable)  One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
— Yes 
— No  
C0180  Commercially available vendor 
model name and version used 
(if applicable)  If a commercially available vendor model is used in the internal model for the 
peril this field should contain the name of the model and the version of the model 
that the simulations are based on.  
C0190  Explanatory information (if 
AEP loss is not available)  Provide short concise information on model and reasons, if the field ‘AEP loss’ is 
not available. If agreed with the responsible supervisor this field could also be 
used to provide information on modelling approaches in other cases.  
C0200  Total Sum insured  The insurance or reinsurance undertaking is expected to report their total sum 
insured for direct business by peril and region.  
C0210  Exposure amount  The exposure amount used by the undertaking that has been agreed upon with 
the respective supervisor. The metric used can be different among perils and 
regions.  
C0220  Exposure metric  Short description of exposure metric used in previous column (C6).  
Distribution of losses from Catastrophe Perils – Total (property and non-property) business  
Z0010  Internal line of business  Name of the internal line of business used by the undertaking.  
C0230-C0400/ 
R1710  Simulated mean from model 
for Total (property and non- 
property) business  This is the mean of the probability distribution corresponding to each peril and 
aggregation of perils. It is the output obtained based on the simulation process. 
The mean should be reported with the following splits: 
— Mean of OEP for all business gross of reinsurance 
— Mean of AEP for all business gross of reinsuranceEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/975