 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0960  Total non-available own funds 
to be deducted  This is the total overall amount of non-available own funds to be deducted from 
the group own funds. 
In accordance with Article 222(4) of Directive 2009/138/EC, the total non 
available own funds is calculated, undertaking by undertaking, by adding up 
own funds indicated in Article 222(2) of Directive 2009/138/EC (i.e. surplus 
funds and any subscribed but not paid–up capital) and in Article 330 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 (e.g. ancillary own funds, preferences 
shares, subordinated mutual member account, subordinated liabilities and the 
value of net deferred tax assets). 
The part of such own funds that exceeds the contribution of the related under ­
taking to the group SCR cannot be considered as available for covering the group 
SCR. 
If the total amount of such own funds in C0842 does not exceed the contribution 
of the related undertaking to the group SCR, this deduction in C0850 is not 
needed as part of the calculation.  
C0861  Minority interests  This is the overall total amount of minority interests at group level  
C0860  Minority interests to be 
deducted from the group own 
funds  This is the overall total amount of minority interests to be deducted at group 
level.  
S.25.01 – Solvency Capital Requirement – for groups on Standard Formula  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups, ring fenced–funds, matching adjustment 
portfolios and remaining part.  
Template SR.25.01 has to be filled in for each ring–fenced fund (RFF), each matching adjustment portfolio (MAP) and 
for the remaining part. However, where an RFF/MAP includes a MAP/RFF embedded, the fund should be treated as 
different funds. This template shall be reported for all sub–funds of a material RFF/MAP as identified in the second table 
of template S.01.03.  
Template SR.25.01 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation–based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
Where the entity has MAP or RFF (except those under the scope of Article 304 of Directive 2009/138/EC) when 
reporting at the level of the whole undertaking, the notional Solvency Capital Requirement (‘nSCR’) at risk module level 
and the loss–absorbing capacity (LAC) of technical provisions and deferred taxes to be reported shall be calculated as 
follows:EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1327