 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050/R0120  Value of material 
currencies – Technical 
provisions – index–linked 
and unit–linked contracts  Report the value of the technical provisions – index–linked and unit–linked contracts 
for each of the currencies required to be reported separately.  
C0020/R0130  Total value of all 
currencies – Deposits 
from reinsurers and 
insurance, intermediaries 
and reinsurance payables  Report the total value of the deposits from reinsurers, insurance and intermediaries 
payables and reinsurance payables for all currencies.  
C0030/R0130  Value of the reporting 
currency – Deposits from 
reinsurers and insurance, 
intermediaries and 
reinsurance payables  Report the value of the deposits from reinsurers, insurance and intermediaries payables 
and reinsurance payables for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0130  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Deposits 
from reinsurers and 
insurance, intermediaries 
and reinsurance payables  Report the value of the deposits from reinsurers, insurance and intermediaries payables 
and reinsurance payables for the remaining currencies that are not reported by 
currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0130) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0130).  
C0050/R0130  Value of material 
currencies – Deposits 
from reinsurers and 
insurance, intermediaries 
and reinsurance payables  Report the value of the deposits from reinsurers, insurance and intermediaries payables 
and reinsurance payables for each of the currencies required to be reported separately.  
C0020/R0140  Total value of all 
currencies – Derivatives  Report the total value of the derivatives for all currencies.  
C0030/R0140  Value of the reporting 
currency – Derivatives  Report the value of the derivatives for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0140  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Derivatives  Report the total value of the derivatives for the remaining currencies that are not 
reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0140) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0140).EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1155