 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0090  Total Balance Sheet (for 
(re)insurance undertak ­
ings)  For EEA (re)insurance undertakings, total amount of Solvency II balance sheet as 
reported in item C0010/R0500 in S.02.01. For non EEA (re)insurance under ­
takings, total amount of balance–sheet according to the relevant sectoral rules. 
The currency used shall be the group reporting currency.  
C0100  Total Balance Sheet (for 
other regulated under ­
takings)  For other regulated undertakings, total amount of balance sheet according to the 
relevant sectoral rules. The currency used shall be the group reporting currency.  
C0110  Total Balance Sheet 
(non–regulated undertak ­
ings)  For non–regulated undertakings, total amount of balance sheet used for IFRS or 
local GAAP. The currency used shall be the group reporting currency.  
C0120  Written premiums net of 
reinsurance ceded under 
IFRS or local GAAP for 
(re)insurance under ­
takings  For insurance and reinsurance undertakings written premiums net of reinsurance 
ceded under IFRS or local GAAP. The currency used shall be the group currency.  
C0130  Turn over defined as the 
gross revenue under IFRS 
or local GAAP for other 
types of undertakings, 
insurance holding 
companies or mixed 
financial holding 
companies  For other types of undertakings turn over defined as the gross revenue under IFRS 
or local GAAP. 
For insurance holding companies or mixed financial holding companies where 
appropriate turnover defined as the gross revenue under IFRS or local GAAP will 
be used as a ranking criteria. 
The currency used shall be the group reporting currency.  
C0140  Underwriting 
performance  (Re)insurance undertakings shall report their underwriting performance in 
accordance with their financial statements. A monetary amount shall be 
reported. The currency used shall be the group reporting currency.  
C0150  Investment performance  (Re)insurance undertakings shall report their investment performance in 
accordance with their financial statements. A monetary amount shall be 
reported. The currency used shall be the group reporting currency. 
This value shall not include any value already reported in C0140.  
C0160  Total performance  All the related undertakings within the scope of group supervision, in the 
meaning of Article 212(1)(c) of Directive 2009/138/EC, shall report their total 
performance in accordance with their financial statements. A monetary amount 
shall be reported. The currency used shall be the group reporting currency.EN  L 120/1536 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023