 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1600  Premiums earned – Net  The sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the gross provision for 
unearned premiums related to the sum of the direct business and the accepted 
reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1610  Claims incurred – Gross  Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in directive 91/674/EEC: the 
claims incurred means the sum of the claims paid and the change in the provision 
for claims during the reporting period (according to the local GAAP or IFRS used), 
related to insurance contracts arising from the direct and reinsurance business. 
This shall exclude claims management expenses and the movement in provisions 
in claims management expenses.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1620  Claims incurred – Reinsurers’ 
share  Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in Directive 91/674/EEC: it is 
the reinsurer’s share in the sum of the claims paid and the change in the provision 
for claims during the reporting period. 
This shall exclude claims management expenses and the movement in provisions 
in claims management expenses.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1700  Claims incurred – Net  Claims incurred in the reporting period as defined in Directive 91/674/EEC: the 
claims incurred means the sum of the claims paid and the change in the provision 
for claims during the reporting period (according to the local GAAP or IFRS used), 
related to the sum of the direct business and the accepted reinsurance business 
reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings. 
This shall exclude claims management expenses and the movement in provisions 
in claims management expenses.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1900  Expenses incurred  All technical expenses incurred by the undertaking during the reporting period, on 
accrual basis.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R1910  Administrative expenses – 
Gross  Administrative expenses incurred by the undertaking during the reporting period, 
on accrual basis are expenses which are connected with policy administration 
including expenses in respect of reinsurance contracts and special purpose 
vehicles. Some administrative expenses relate directly to activity regarding a 
specific insurance contract (e.g. maintenance cost) such as cost of premium 
billing, cost of sending regular information to policyholders and cost of 
handling policy changes (e.g. conversions and reinstatements). Other adminis ­
trative expenses relate directly to insurance activity but are a result of activities 
that cover more than one policy such as salaries of staff responsible for policy 
administration. 
The amount relates to the gross direct and reinsurance business.EN  L 120/660 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023