 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0070/R0310  Overall MCR calculation – SCR  This is the latest SCR to be calculated and reported in accordance with Articles 
103 to 127 of Directive 2009/138/EC, either the annual one or a more recent one 
in case the SCR has been recalculated (e.g. due to a change in risk profile), 
including capital add on. Undertakings using internal model or partial internal 
model to calculate the SCR shall refer to the relevant SCR, except where under 
Article 129(3) of Directive 2009/138/EC the national supervisory authority 
requires a reference to the standard formula.  
C0070/R0320  Overall MCR calculation – 
MCR cap  This is calculated as 45 % of the SCR including any capital add–on in accordance 
with Art 129 (3) of the Directive 2009/138/EC.  
C0070/R0330  Overall MCR calculation – 
MCR floor  This is calculated as 25 % of the SCR including any capital add–on in accordance 
with Art 129 (3) of the Directive 2009/138/EC.  
C0070/R0340  Overall MCR calculation – 
Combined MCR  This is the result of the formula component calculated in accordance with 
Article 248(2) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0070/R0350  Overall MCR calculation – 
Absolute floor of the MCR  This is calculated as defined in Art 129(1) d of Directive 2009/138/EC.  
C0070/R0400  Minimum Capital Requirement  This is the result of the formula component calculated in accordance with 
Article 248(1) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
S.28.02 – Minimum Capital Requirement – Both life and non–life insurance activity  
General comments:  
This section relates to opening, quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities.  
In particular, S.28.02 is to be submitted by insurance undertakings engaged in both life and non–life insurance activity. 
Insurance and reinsurance undertakings other than insurance undertakings engaged in both life and non–life insurance 
activity shall submit S.28.01 instead.  
This template shall be completed on the basis of Solvency II valuation, i.e. written premiums are defined as the 
premiums due to be received by the undertaking in the period (as defined in Article 1(11) of Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35).  
Insurance and reinsurance undertakings shall disclose written/earned premiums as defined in Article 1(11) and (12) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 regardless whether a local GAAP or IFRS is used.All references to technical 
provisions address technical provisions after application of Long Term Guarantee measures and transitionals.  
The calculation of MCR combines a linear formula with a floor of 25 % and a cap of 45 % of the SCR. The MCR is 
subject to an absolute floor depending on the nature of the undertaking (as defined in Article 129(1)(d) of Directive 
2009/138/EC).  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010/R0010  Linear Formula component for 
non-life insurance and 
reinsurance obligations – MCR  
(NL,NL)  result – non-life activ ­
ities  This is the linear formula component for non-life insurance and reinsurance 
obligations relating to non-life insurance activities calculated in accordance with 
Article 252(4) and (5) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.EN  L 120/1032 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023