 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0140/R1210  Balance – other 
technical expenses/ 
income  Other technical expenses not covered by above mentioned expenses and not split 
by lines of business. 
Shall not include non–technical expenses such as tax, interest expenses, losses on 
disposals, etc.  
C0140/R1300  Total technical 
expenses  Amount of all technical expenses corresponding to countries covered by this 
template.  
Life insurance obligations  
C0160 to C0200/ 
R1400  Top 5 countries (by 
amount of gross 
premiums written) – 
life obligations  Identify the ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code of the countries being reported for the life 
obligations.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1410  Premiums written – 
Gross  Definition of premiums written provided in application of directive 91/674/EEC 
where applicable: gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts due during 
the reporting period in respect of insurance contracts, arising from gross business, 
regardless of the fact that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a later 
reporting period.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1420  Premiums written – 
Reinsurers’ share  Definition of premiums written provided in application of directive 91/674/EEC 
where applicable: gross premiums written shall comprise all amounts ceded to 
reinsurers due during the reporting period in respect of insurance contracts 
regardless of the fact that such amounts may relate in whole or in part to a 
later reporting period.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1500  Premiums written – 
Net  Definition of premiums written provided in application of directive 91/674/EEC 
where applicable: the net premiums written represent the sum of the direct 
business and the accepted reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to 
reinsurance undertakings.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1510  Premiums earned – 
Gross  Definition of earned premiums provided in directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: it is the sum of gross premiums written minus the change in the 
gross provision for unearned premiums related to direct and reinsurance 
accepted gross business.  
C0220 to C0280/ 
R1520  Premiums earned – 
Reinsurers’ share  Definition of earned premiums provided in directive 91/674/EEC where 
applicable: it is the reinsurer’s share in gross premiums written minus the 
change in the reinsurer’s share in provision for unearned premiums.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1181