 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Reinsurance program code  Unique code (undertaking specific) covering all the individual reinsurance 
placements and/or treaties which belong to the same reinsurance program.  
C0020  Treaty identification code  Treaty identification code that identifies it exclusively and must be maintained in 
subsequent reports, usually the original treaty number registered in the company’s 
books.  
C0030  Progressive section number in 
treaty  The progressive section number assigned by the undertaking to the various 
sections of the treaty, in those cases where the treaty, for example, covers 
more than one line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35, or covers different lines of activity with different limits. Treaties 
with different conditions are considered different treaties for the submission of 
information and shall be reported in different sections. For different lines of 
business covered under the same treaty, the conditions referring to each line of 
business will be detailed separately under each section number. Treaties covering 
different type of reinsurance (e.g. one section on a Quota Share basis and another 
one on XL) in the same treaty shall be reported in different sections. Treaties 
covering different layers of the same program shall be reported in different 
sections.  
C0040  Progressive number of 
surplus/layer in program  The progressive surplus/layer number, when the treaty is part of a wider program.  
C0050  Code reinsurer  Identification code of the reinsurer by this order of priority: 
— Legal Entity Identifier (LEI); 
— Specific code attributed by the undertaking 
In case a specific code is attributed by the undertaking, the code shall be unique 
for the specific reinsurer and shall not overlap with any other code, attributed by 
the undertaking or LEI code.  
C0060  Type of code reinsurer  Identification of the code used in item ‘Code reinsurer’. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0100  Share reinsurer (%)  Percentage of the reinsurance treaty accepted by reinsurer identified in item 
C0050, expressed as absolute percentage of the treaty placement. 
Percentages shall be reported as a decimal.  
C0110  Exposure ceded for reinsurer’s 
share  Amount of the exposure reinsured with the reinsurer. This amount is based on 
the maximum cover per risk/event and is calculated with the formula: Item 
Maximum cover per risk or event (reported in item C0230 of S.30.03) × Item 
Share reinsurer (%) (reported in item C0100 of S.30.04). 
If C0230 from S.30.03 is Unlimited fill this cell with ‘– 1’.  
C0120  Type of collateral (if applic ­
able)  Type of collateral held. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Cash or equivalent in Trust 
2 – Cash or Funds WithheldEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1083