 
R0020/C0010  Climate change-related 
physical risk – KPI  Proportion of the Solvency II value of property exposed to physical risk, in 
relation to total of property. Undertakings can use their own methodology to 
compute the KPI. The identification of properties exposed to physical risk should 
be consistent with the identification made, in C0190 Item Title in S.06.02.  
R0030/C0010  Justification for not reporting 
climate change-related tran ­
sition risk – KPI  Explanation of why the KPI on climate change-related transition risk was not 
reported (e.g. not material).  
R0040/C0010  Justification for not reporting 
climate change-related physical 
risk – KPI  Explanation of why the KPI on climate change-related physical risk was not 
reported (e.g. not material).  
S.07.01 – Structured products  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
The asset categories referred to in this template are the ones defined in Annex IV – Assets Categories of this Regulation 
and references to CIC codes refer to Annex VI – CIC table of this Regulation.  
This template contains an item–by–item list of structured products held directly by the undertaking in its portfolio (i.e. 
not on a look–through basis). Structured products are defined as assets falling into the asset categories 5 (Structured 
notes) and 6 (Collateralised securities).  
This template shall only be reported when the amount of structured products, measured as the ratio between assets 
classified as asset categories 5 (Structured notes) and 6 (Collateralised securities) as defined in Annex IV – Asset 
Categories of this Regulation and the sum of item C0010/R0070 and C0010/R0220 of template S.02.01, is higher 
than 5 %.  
In some cases the types of structured products (C0070) identify the derivative embedded in the structured product. In 
this case this classification shall be used when the structured product has the referred derivative embedded.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040  Asset ID Code  The Identification code of the structured product, as reported in S.06.02. using the 
following priority: 
— ISO 6166 ISIN when available 
— Other recognised codes (e.g.: CUSIP, Bloomberg Ticker, Reuters RIC) 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when the options above are not available. 
The code used shall be kept consistent over time and shall not be reused for 
other product. 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies, it is necessary to specify the Asset ID code and the 
ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, as in the following example: ‘code 
+ EUR’  
C0050  Asset ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Asset ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO/6166 for ISIN 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures 
number assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange)EN  L 120/682 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023