 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0360  Internal rating  Internal rating of the reinsurer for undertakings using internal model to the extent 
that the internal ratings are used in their internal modelling. If an internal model 
undertaking is using solely external ratings this item shall not be reported.  
S.30.03 – Outgoing Reinsurance Program basic data  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is relevant to insurance and reinsurance undertakings with an outgoing reinsurance and/or retrocession 
program including any coverage provided by State backed reinsurance pool arrangements, excluding facultative covers.  
This template shall be filled by the insurance and reinsurance undertaking which is transferring underwriting risk to the 
reinsurers through a reinsurance treaty whose period of validity includes or overlaps the next reporting year and are 
known when filling the template. If reinsurance strategy changes materially after that date or if the renovation of the 
reinsurance contracts are performed later than the reporting date and before next 1 January, the information on this 
template shall be re–submitted when adequate.  
This template should only be reported if the reinsurance recoverables are higher than 10 % of the Best Estimate 
calculated separately for life and non-life business.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0010  Reinsurance program code  Unique code (undertaking specific) covering all the individual reinsurance 
placements and/or treaties which belong to the same reinsurance program.  
C0020  Treaty identification code  Treaty identification code that identifies the treaty exclusively and must be main ­
tained in subsequent reports, usually the original treaty number registered in the 
company’s books.  
C0030  Progressive section number in 
treaty  The progressive section number assigned by the undertaking to the various 
sections of the treaty, in those cases where the treaty, for example, covers 
more than one line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35, or covers different lines of activity with different limits. Treaties 
with different conditions are considered different treaties for the submission of 
information and shall be reported in different sections. For different lines of 
business covered under the same treaty, the conditions referring to each line of 
business will be detailed separately under each section number. Treaties covering 
different type of reinsurance (e.g. one section on a Quota Share basis and another 
one on XL) in the same treaty shall be reported in different sections. Treaties 
covering different layers of the same program shall be reported in different 
sections.  
C0040  Progressive number of 
surplus/layer in program  The progressive surplus/layer number, when the treaty is part of a wider program.  
C0050  Quantity of surplus/layers in 
program  The total number of surpluses or layers in the same program which includes the 
treaty which is being reported.  
C0060  Finite reinsurance or similar 
arrangements  Identification of the reinsurance contract. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Non–traditional or Finite RE 
(if any reinsurance contract or financial instrument which is not directly based on 
the principle of indemnity or is based on a contract wording which has limited or 
no demonstrable risk transfer mechanism)EN  L 120/1076 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023