 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
In case of the same asset being held in custody in more than one country, each asset shall be 
reported separately in as many rows as needed in order to properly identify all countries of 
custody. 
This item is not applicable for CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, CIC 71, CIC 75 and 
for CIC 95 – Plant and equipment. 
Regarding CIC Category 9, excluding CIC 95 – Plant and equipment (for own use), the 
country of custody corresponds to the issuer country, which is assessed by the address of 
the property.  
C0120  Custodian  Name of the financial institution that is the custodian. 
In case of the same asset being held in custody in more than one custodian, each asset shall 
be reported separately in as many rows as needed in order to properly identify all custodians. 
For assets stored in-house, the insurance undertaking shall be reported as the custodian. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. When this is 
not available corresponds to the legal name. 
This item is not applicable for CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, CIC 71, CIC 75, CIC 
09 and for CIC 9 – Property and to any other assets that due to their nature are not held in 
custody. 
For assets where there is no custodian or when this item is not applicable, report ‘No 
custodian’.  
C0121  Code of custodian  Identification of the custodian code using the LEI if available. 
If none is available this item shall not be reported.  
C0122  Type of code of 
custodian  Identification of the type of code used for the ‘Code of custodian’ item. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
9 – None  
C0130  Quantity  Number of assets, for relevant assets. 
This item shall not be reported if item Par amount (C0140) is reported. 
This item is not applicable for CIC 71 and 09 and CIC category 9 – Property.  
C0140  Par amount  Amount outstanding measured at par amount, for all assets where this item is relevant, and 
at nominal amount for CIC = 72, 73, 74, 75, 79 and CIC Category 8 – Mortgages and 
Loans. This item is not applicable for CIC 71, 09 and CIC category 9 – Property. This item 
shall not be reported if item Quantity (C0130) is reported.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1189