 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
— Risk of mass lapse (R0190) is risk of accumulation or catastrophe risk for 
lapse as defined in the internal model. 
— ‘Lapse type split (other than mass lapse)’ covers non-mass lapse risk if a split 
in increase/decrease is not available and offers a split in three rough 
categories: ‘full surrender’, i.e. termination of the contract, ‘partial surrender’ 
and ‘other’ exercising of contractual options or ‘Policyholder behaviour’.  
C0080/R0010- 
R0270  Mean  The mean of the probability distribution of the net SCR  
C0090/R0010- 
R0270  Standard deviation  The Standard deviation of the probability distribution of the net SCR  
C0100- 
C0310/R0010- 
R0270  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  It is expected that the insurance and reinsurance undertakings indicate the 
amounts of the percentiles required in the table related to the probability 
distribution obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and 
on discounted basis).  
OPTION 2 – LIFE RISK  
To be completed if the internal model only has a split between Trend and Level risk. In that case the following template 
(S.26.14.01.02) replaces the template above (S.26.14.01.01).  
C0010/R0300  Net Best Estimate 
liability + Technical 
provisions calculated as a 
whole  Catastrophe risk best estimate shall be reported net of reinsurance and refers to 
the products of the life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk 
category. TPs calculated as a whole should be taken in as well.  
C0050/R0300  Net Written Premiums  The total of the net written premiums for catastrophe risk shall be reported for 
the products of the life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk 
category.  
C0060/R0300  Sum insured  The total sum insured for catastrophe risk shall be reported for the products of 
the life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category.  
C0070/R0280- 
R0300  Solvency Capital 
Requirements  The SCR for the relevant risk category, net of reinsurance. 
For the aggregate risks, the net SCR after aggregation over the underlying 
submodules should be reported.  
C0080/R0280- 
R0300  Mean  The mean of the probability distribution of the SCREN  L 120/1468 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023