 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
21 – Proportional credit and suretyship reinsurance 
22 – Proportional legal expenses reinsurance 
23 – Proportional assistance reinsurance 
24 – Proportional miscellaneous financial loss reinsurance 
25 – Non–proportional health reinsurance 
26 – Non–proportional casualty reinsurance 
27 – Non–proportional marine, aviation and transport reinsurance 
28 – Non–proportional property reinsurance  
C0065  Indication of belonging to the 
20 largest exposures  Please indicate whether the exposure belongs to the 20 largest exposures of the 
undertaking. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Belongs to 20 largest 
2 – LoB not in the 20 largest  
C0100  Share reinsurer (%)  Percentage of the facultative placement accepted by the reinsurer, expressed as an 
absolute percentage of the Amount reinsured on a facultative basis, with all 
reinsurers, as reported in column C0160 of S.30.01 – Facultative covers (in 
terms of reinsured exposure) – Basic. 
The percentage shall be reported as a decimal.  
C0110  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the 
facultative cover. All the amounts must be expressed in this currency for the 
specific facultative cover, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory 
authority. In case the facultative cover is placed in two different currencies, then 
the main currency must be filled.  
C0120  Sum reinsured to facultative 
reinsurer  The sum reinsured on a facultative basis with the reinsurer.  
C0130  Facultative ceded reinsurance 
premium  Expected gross annual or written reinsurance premium, ceded to reinsurer for 
their share.  
C0140  Annotations  Description of cases where either the reinsurer’s participation is at conditions 
different from those of the standard facultative or treaty placement, or to 
provide any other information that the undertaking has to bring to the 
attention of the Supervisor.  
Facultative covers life  
C0150  Reinsurance program code  Undertaking specific reinsurance code that links the dominant treaty of 
reinsurance programme which also protects the risk covered by the facultative 
reinsurance. The Reinsurance program code shall be in line with the Reinsurance 
program code of S.30.03 – Outgoing Reinsurance Program in the next reporting 
year.EN  L 120/1072 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023