 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0413/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Spread risk – bonds and 
loans (qualifying infra ­
structure investment)  This is the initial absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on bonds 
and loans that are qualifying infrastructure investment other than infrastructure 
corporate. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0413/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Spread risk – bonds 
and loans (qualifying 
infrastructure investment)  This is the initial absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to the spread risk on 
bonds and loans that are qualifying infrastructure investment other than infra ­
structure corporate. This value shall be reported only where the split between 
R0412, R0413 and R0414 could be derived from the method used for the 
calculation. If splitting is not possible, only R0410 shall be filled in. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0413/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Spread 
risk – bonds and loans 
(qualifying infrastructure 
investment)  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the spread risk on bonds and 
loans that are qualifying infrastructure investment other than infrastructure 
corporate, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0413/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Spread risk 
– bonds and loans (qual ­
ifying infrastructure 
investment)  This is the absolute value of the liabilities underlying the spread risk charge for 
bonds and loans that are qualifying infrastructure investment other than infra ­
structure corporate, after the shock and after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions. This value shall be reported only where the split between 
R0412, R0413 and R0414 could be derived from the method used for the 
calculation. When the split is not possible only R0410 shall be filled in. 
The amount of TP shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recoverables.  
R0413/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
Spread risk – bonds and 
loans (qualifying infra ­
structure investment)  This is the net capital charge for spread risk on bonds and loans that are qual ­
ifying infrastructure investment other than infrastructure corporate, after 
adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. This value 
shall be reported only where the split between R0412, R0413 and R0414 
could be derived from the method used for the calculation. When the split is 
not possible only R0410 shall be filled in. 
If R0012/C0010 = 1 and/or 2, this item shall not be reported.EN  L 120/1356 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023