 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0030  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency in which the obligation is 
denominated. 
This item shall be filled in with ‘Total’ when reporting the total for the line of 
business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
Z0040  Currency conversion  Identify if the information reported by currency is being reported in the original 
currency (default) or in the reporting currency (otherwise specified). The following 
closed list shall be used: 
1 – Original currency 
2 – Reporting currency 
Only applicable when reporting by currency.  
C0010 to 
C0160/R0100 
to R0250  Gross Claims Paid (non– 
cumulative) –Triangle  The Gross Claims Paid, net of salvage and subrogation, excluding expenses, in a 
triangle showing the developments of the gross claims payment already made: for 
each of the accident/underwriting years from N–14 (and prior) and all previous 
reporting periods to – including – N (last reporting year) report the payments 
already made corresponding at each development year (which is the delay 
between the accident/underwriting date and the payment date). 
The data are in absolute amount, non–cumulative and undiscounted. 
The amount includes all the elements that compose the claim itself but excludes 
any expenses.  
C0170/R0100 
to R0260  Gross Claims Paid (non– 
cumulative) – In current year  Total ‘Current year’ reflects the last diagonal (all data referred to last reporting 
year) from R0100 to R0250. 
R0260 is the total of R0100 to R0250.  
C0180/R0100 
to R0260  Gross Claims Paid – Sum of 
years (cumulative)  Total ‘Sum of all years’ contains the sum of all data in rows (sum of all payments 
referred to the accident/underwriting year), including total.  
C0200 to 
C0350/R0100 
to R0250  Gross undiscounted Best 
Estimate Claims Provisions – 
Triangle  Triangles of undiscounted best estimate of claims provisions, gross of reinsurance 
for each of the accident/underwriting years from N–14 (and prior) and all 
previous reporting periods to – including – N (last reporting year). The best 
estimate for claims provision relates to claims events occurred before or at the 
valuation date, whether the claims arising from these events have been reported or 
not. 
The data are in absolute amount, non–cumulative and undiscounted, net of 
salvage and subrogation and excluding any expenses as well as any future 
premiums.  
C0360/R0100 
to R0260  Gross Best Estimate Claims 
Provisions – Year end (dis ­
counted data)  Total ‘Year end’ reflects the last diagonal but on a discounted basis (all data 
referred to last reporting year) from R0100 to R0250. 
R0260 is the total of R0100 to R0250  
C0400 to 
C0550/R0100 
to R0250  Gross Reported but not Settled 
Claims (RBNS) – Triangle  Triangles for each of the accident/underwriting years from N–14 (and prior) and 
all previous reporting periods to – including – N (last reporting year) of provisions 
in respect of claim events that have happened and been reported to the insurer, 
but have not yet been settled, excluding incurred but not reported claims (‘IBNR’). 
These may be case–by–case reserves estimated by claim handlers and do not need 
to be on a best estimate Solvency II basis. The reported but not settled claims 
(‘RBNS’) shall be measured using consistent reserve strength over time.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/767