 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0270/R1400  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Flood specified Regions 
before diversification  Total of the estimated Risk Mitigation for the 14 specified regions.  
C0270/R1590  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Flood Other Regions 
before diversification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated risk mitigation 
effect of the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose 
vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0270/R1600  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Flood All Regions before 
diversification  Total of the estimated Risk Mitigation for all regions.  
C0280/R1260 – 
R1390  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums —specified Region  Per each of the 14 specified Regions the estimated reinstatement premiums, 
corresponding to the selected scenario, as a result of the undertaking ’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0280/R1400  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Flood – 
specified Regions before diver ­
sification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for the 14 specified regions.  
C0280/R1590  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Flood – 
Other Regions before diver ­
sification  For all the regions other than the specified Regions, the estimated reinstatement 
premiums, as a result of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and 
special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0280/R1600  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Flood – All 
Regions before diversification  Total of the estimated reinstatement premiums for all regions.  
C0290/R1260 – 
R1390  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – specified 
Region  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the under ­
taking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this 
peril, arising from Flood in each of the 14 specified regions, corresponding to the 
selected scenario.  
C0290/R1400  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total Flood 
—specified Regions before 
diversification  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the undertaking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles for 
the 14 specified regions.  
C0290/R1590  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total Flood – 
Other Regions before diver ­
sification  Capital requirement after risk mitigation for Flood risk in regions other than the 
specified Regions. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, including the 
deduction of the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special 
Purpose Vehicles.  
C0290/R1600  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total Flood – 
All Regions before diversifi ­
cation  Total of the capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of 
the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles all 
regions.EN  L 120/1004 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023