 
Template S.26.01 is only applicable in relation to RFF/MAP from undertakings consolidated according to Article 335, 
paragraph 1, (a), (b) and (c) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, when method 1 (Accounting consolidation –based 
method) is used, either exclusively or in combination with method 2 (Deduction and aggregation method).  
Amounts before and after shock shall be filled in with the amount of assets and liabilities sensitive to that shock. For the 
liabilities the assessment shall be done at the most granular level available between contract and homogeneous risk 
group. This means that if a contract/HRG is sensitive to a shock the amount of liabilities associated to that 
contract/HRG shall be reported as amount sensitive to that shock.  
For group reporting the following specific requirements shall be met:  
a) This information is applicable when method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC is used, either 
exclusively or in combination with method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC;  
b) When combination method is being used, this information is to be submitted only for the part of the group 
calculated with method 1 as defined in Article 230 of Directive 2009/138/EC, and;  
c) This information does not apply to groups when method 2 as defined in Article 233 of Directive 2009/138/EC is 
being used exclusively.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reporting  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, 
matching adjustment 
portfolio or remaining 
part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking within the 
scope of group supervision and must be consistent over time and with the fund/ 
portfolio number reported in other templates.EN  L 120/1344 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023