 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0210 to 
C0280/R2320  Overhead expenses – 
Reinsurers’ share  Overhead expenses include salaries to general managers, auditing costs and regular day– 
to–day costs i.e. electricity bill, rent for accommodations, IT costs. These overhead 
expenses also include expenses related to the development of new insurance and 
reinsurance business, advertising insurance products, improvement of the internal 
processes such as investment in system required to support insurance and reinsurance 
business (e.g. buying new IT system and developing new software). 
The amount relates to the reinsurers’ share. 
Reinsurers’ share shall by default be allocated by type of expenses, if not possible shall 
be reported as acquisition expenses.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R2400  Overhead expenses – Net  Overhead expenses include salaries to general managers, auditing costs and regular day– 
to–day costs i.e. electricity bill, rent for accommodations, IT costs. These overhead 
expenses also include expenses related to the development of new insurance and 
reinsurance business, advertising insurance products, improvement of the internal 
processes such as investment in system required to support insurance and reinsurance 
business (e.g. buying new IT system and developing new software). 
The net overhead expenses represent the sum of the direct business and the accepted 
reinsurance business reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings.  
C0300/R1410 – 
R2400  Total  Total for different items for all life lines of business.  
C0300/R2510  Balance – other technical 
expenses/income  Net technical expenses/income not covered by above mentioned expenses/income and 
reduced by the amount ceded to reinsurance undertakings. Other technical expenses/ 
income shall not be split by lines of business. Shall not include change in other 
technical provisions and non–technical expenses/income such as tax, interest 
expenses, losses on disposals, etc. 
The amount of net technical expenses/income shall be reported negative if the amount 
of technical income is larger than the amount of technical expenses.  
C0300/R2600  Total expenses  Amount of all technical expenses.  
C0210 to 
C0280/R2700  Total amount of 
surrenders  This amount represents the total amount of surrenders occurred during the year. 
This amount is also reported under claims incurred (item R1610).  
S.05.02 – Premiums, claims and expenses by country  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups. The template is not due when the thresholds 
for reporting by country described below are not applicable, i.e. the home country represents 90 % or more of the total 
gross written premiums.  
This template shall be reported from an accounting perspective, i.e.: Local GAAP or IFRS (if accepted as local GAAP. 
Groups shall use the recognition and valuation basis as for the published financial statements, no new recognition or re– 
valuation is required, except for the classification between investment contracts and insurance contracts when this is 
applicable in the financial statements. This template shall include all insurance business regardless of the possible 
different classification between investment contracts and insurance contracts applicable in the financial statements.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1177