 
S.30.02 – Facultative covers for non–life and life business shares data  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template is relevant to insurance and reinsurance undertakings which reinsure and/or retrocede business on a 
facultative basis.  
It shall be filled by the non–life and life insurance and reinsurance undertakings with information on shares of reinsurers 
of facultative covers in the next reporting year covering information on the 20 largest facultative reinsurance exposures 
(part of sum insured transferred to all reinsurers) overall plus the largest two in each line of business if not covered by 
the 20 largest (e.g. in cases where the risks accepted do not fit in the regular policy acceptance and could only be 
accepted in case part of the risk is reinsured on a facultative basis). Each facultative risk is submitted to the reinsurer and  
terms and conditions of the facultative reinsurance are negotiated individually for each policy. Treaties that automatically 
cover risks are out of scope of this template and must be reported in S.30.03.  
Furthermore, each underwriting risk shall have a unique code specified by the ‘risk identification code’. Each chosen risk 
shall be separated to get unique conditions for a contract in a single line. Where a facultative cover as reported in 
template S.30.01 is related to more than one reinsurance undertaking, this template shall be filled in with as many rows 
as the number of reinsurance undertakings involved for the specific facultative cover.  
This template is prospective (to be in line with S.30.03) and as such shall reflect the reinsurance treaties effective and 
valid during the next reporting year for the selected 20 largest facultative reinsurance exposures overall plus the largest 
two in each line of business if not covered by the 20 largest. Undertakings shall report the most important risks of the 
next reporting period which are covered by reinsurance treaties valid during the next reporting period. If reinsurance 
strategy changes materially after the validity date or if the renovation of the reinsurance contracts are performed later 
than the reporting date and before next 1 January, the information on this template shall be re–submitted when 
adequate.  
Facultative placements covering different lines of business shall also appear in the various rows if they are ranked within 
the overall 20 largest facultative reinsurance exposures plus the largest two in each line of business if not covered by the 
20 largest risks of the same line of business.  
This template shall be filled in for each reinsurer that accepted the facultative cover.  
This template should only be reported if the reinsurance recoverables are higher than 10 % of the Best Estimate 
calculated separately for life and non-life business.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Facultative covers non–life  
C0020  Reinsurance program code  Undertaking specific reinsurance code that links the dominant treaty of 
reinsurance programme which also protects the risk covered by the facultative 
reinsurance. The Reinsurance program code shall be in line with the Reinsurance 
program code of S.30.03 – Outgoing Reinsurance Program in the next reporting 
year.  
C0030  Risk identification Code  For each line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35, of non–life insurance a selection shall be made of the 20 largest facul ­
tative reinsurance exposures (part of sum insured transferred to all reinsurers) 
overall plus the largest two in each line of business if not covered by the 20 
largest in terms of exposure that are subject to facultative reinsurance in force in 
the reporting period (also if they originated in preceding years). The code is a 
unique identifying number assigned by the insurer that identifies the risk and shall 
remain unchanged for subsequent annual reports.EN  L 120/1070 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023