 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060/R0110  Without volatility adjustment 
and without other transitional 
measures – Minimum Capital 
Requirement  Total amount of MCR calculated considering technical provisions without the 
adjustments due to the transitional deduction to technical provisions, the transi ­
tional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure and the 
volatility adjustment, but keeping the adjustments due to the matching 
adjustment. 
If volatility adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0040.  
C0070/R0110  Impact of volatility adjustment 
set to zero – Minimum Capital 
Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the MCR due to the application of the volatility 
adjustment. It shall reflect the impact of setting the volatility adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the MCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without volatility adjustment and without other transitional measures 
and the MCR calculated with the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0110  Without matching adjustment 
and without all the others – 
MCR  Total amount of MCR calculated considering technical provisions without any 
LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0110  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – 
Minimum Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the MCR due to the application of the matching 
adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting the volatility adjustment and the 
matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the MCR calculated considering the technical 
provisions without matching adjustment and without all the other transitional 
measures and the MCR calculated with the technical provisions reported under 
C0060.  
C0100/R0110  Impact of all LTG measures 
and transitionals – Minimum 
Capital Requirement  Amount of the adjustment to the MCR due to the application of the LTG 
measures and transitionals.  
C0010-C0100/ 
R0120  With LTG measures and tran ­
sitionals – Solvency Capital 
Requirement Ratio  Solvency Capital Requirement ratio calculated considering technical provisions as 
reported in R0010 of each column 
Total amount of eligible own funds to meet SCR (R0050) divided by the total 
amount of SCR (R0090) of each column.  
C0010-C0100/ 
R0130  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Minimum 
Capital Requirement Ratio  Minimum Capital Requirement ratio calculated considering technical provisions as 
reported in R0010 of each column. 
Total amount of eligible own funds to meet MCR (R0100) divided by the total 
amount of MCR (R0110) of each column.  
S.22.02 – Projection of future cash flows (Best Estimate – Matching portfolios)  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities.  
This template shall be reported by each matching portfolio approved by the supervisory authority.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/801