 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0420/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Lapse risk 
– risk of decrease in lapse rates  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the risk of a permanent decrease 
in lapse rates, before the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0420/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Lapse risk – risk of 
decrease in lapse rates  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the risk of a permanent 
decrease in lapse rates, after the shock (i.e. permanent decrease in the rates of 
lapse rates). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0420/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Lapse risk – risk 
of decrease in lapse rates  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to the risk of a permanent decrease in lapse rates, 
after the shock (i.e. permanent decrease of the rates of lapse rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0420/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Lapse risk – risk 
of decrease in lapse rates  This is the net capital charge for the risk of a permanent decrease in lapse rates, 
after adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions. 
If R0040/C0010 = 1, this item represents net capital charge for a permanent 
decrease in lapse rates, calculated using simplified calculation for lapse rate.  
R0420/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss– 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions)– Lapse risk – risk 
of decrease in lapse rates  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to the risk of a permanent decrease in lapse rates, 
after the shock (permanent decrease in lapse rates). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0420/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Lapse risk – risk 
of decrease in lapse rates  This is the gross capital charge for the risk of a decrease in lapse rates as used to 
compute the risk (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions). 
If R0040/C0010 = 1, this item represents gross capital charge for a permanent 
decrease in lapse rates, calculated using simplified calculation for lapse rate  
R0430/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Lapse risk– 
mass lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to mass lapse risk, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0430/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Lapse risk 
–mass lapse risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to mass lapse risk, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/909