 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking 
When the same Asset ID Code needs to be reported for one asset that is issued in 
2 or more different currencies and the code in C0020 is defined by Asset ID code 
and the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency, the Asset ID Code Type shall 
refer to option 99 and the option of the original Asset ID Code, as in the 
following example for which the code reported was ISIN code + currency: ‘99/1’.  
C0040  Total  This is the full total value for all tiers held in each participation in financial and 
credit institutions which individually exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i), (ii), 
iv) and (vi) of Article 69. This does not include consolidated strategic partici ­
pations.  
C0050  Common Equity Tier 1  This is the full value of Common Equity Tier 1 held in each participation in 
financial and credit institutions which individually exceed 10 % of items included 
in (a) (i), (ii), iv) and (vi), of Article 69). This does not include consolidated 
strategic participations. Common Equity Tier 1 has the meaning as defined in 
the relevant sector rules.  
C0060  Additional Tier 1  This is the full value of Additional Tier 1 held in each participation in financial 
and credit institutions which individually exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i), 
(ii), iv) and (vi), of Article 69). This does not include consolidated strategic 
participations. Additional Tier 1 has the meaning as defined in the relevant 
sector rules.  
C0070  Tier 2  This is the full value of Tier 2 held in each participation in financial and credit 
institutions which individually exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i), (ii), iv) and 
(vi), of Article 69). This does not include consolidated strategic participations. 
Tier 2 has the meaning as defined in the relevant sector rules.  
Table 2 – Participations in related undertakings that are financial and credit institutions which when aggregated exceed 10 % o f items included in 
(a) (i), (ii), (v) and (vi) of Article 69, not including consolidated strategic participations for the purpose of deductions un der Article 68(2) of the 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35  
C0080  Name of related undertaking  This is the name of the related undertaking in which the participation is held. 
These are participations in financial and credit institutions which when aggregated 
exceed 10 % of items included in (a) (i), (ii), (iv) and (vi) of Article 69 of Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, not including consolidated strategic participations.EN  L 120/850 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023