 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0120  Custodian  Name of the financial institution that is the custodian. 
In case of the same asset being held in custody in more than one custodian, each 
asset shall be reported separately in as many rows as needed in order to properly 
identify all custodians. 
For assets stored in-house, the insurance undertaking shall be reported as the 
custodian. 
When available, this item corresponds to the entity name in the LEI database. 
When this is not available it corresponds to the legal name. 
This item is not applicable for CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans, CIC 71, 
CIC 75, CIC 09 and for CIC category 9 – Property and to any other asset that, due 
to their nature, are not held in custody. 
For assets where there is no custodian or when this item is not applicable, ‘No 
custodian’ shall be reported.  
C0121  Code of custodian  Identification of the custodian code using the LEI if available. 
If none is available this item shall not be reported.  
C0122  Type of code of custodian  Identification of the type of code used for the ‘Code of custodian’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
9 – None  
C0130  Quantity  Number of assets, for relevant assets. 
This item shall not be reported if item Par amount (C0140) is reported. 
This item is not applicable for CIC 71 and 09 and CIC category 9 – Property.  
C0140  Par amount  Amount outstanding measured at par amount, for all assets where this item is 
relevant, and at nominal amount for CIC 72, 73, 74, 75, 79 and CIC Category 8 – 
Mortgages and Loans. This item is not applicable for CIC 71, 09 and CIC category 
9 – Property. This item shall not be reported if item Quantity (C0130) is reported.  
C0145  Long-term equity investment  Only applicable to CIC categories 3 – Equity and 4 – Collective Investment 
Undertakings. 
Identify if an equity or collective investment undertaking is classified under the 
provisions of Art. 171a. of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Yes 
2 – No 
9 – Not applicableEN  L 120/668 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023