 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking  
C0260  Counterparty Name  Name of the counterparty of the derivative. When available, this item corresponds 
to the entity name in the LEI database. When not available, corresponds to the 
legal name. 
The following shall be considered: 
— Name of the exchange market for exchanged traded derivatives; or 
— Name of Central Counterparty (‘CCP’) for Over–The–Counter derivatives where 
they are cleared through a CCP; or 
— Name of the contractual counterparty for the other Over–The–Counter deriva ­
tives.  
C0270  Counterparty Code  Identification code of the counterparty using the following priority: 
— LEI, when available 
— Code attributed by the undertaking, when LEI is not available, which shall be 
consistent over time 
This item is applicable to all counterparties, including for derivatives cleared 
through a central counterparty, in which case the Counterparty code refers to 
that central counterparty.  
C0280  Type of counterparty code  Identification of the code used for the ‘Counterparty Code’ item. One of the 
options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – LEI 
2 – Specific code  
C0290  External rating  Only applicable to Over–The–Counter derivatives. 
The rating of the counterparty of the derivative at the reporting reference date as 
provided by the nominated credit assessment institution (ECAI). 
This item is not applicable to derivatives for which undertakings using internal 
model use internal ratings. If undertakings using internal model do not use 
internal rating, this item shall be reported. 
If an issuer rating is not available, the item shall be left blank.  
C0300  Nominated ECAI  Identify the credit assessment institution (ECAI) giving the external rating in 
C0290, by using the name of the ECAI as published on ESMA’s website. In 
case of ratings issued by subsidiaries of the ECAI please report the parent ECAI 
(the reference is to ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered or certified in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies). 
— This item shall be reported when External rating (C0290) is reported.  
C0310  Credit quality step  Identify the credit quality step attributed to the counterparty of the derivative, as 
defined by Article 109a(1) of Directive 2009/138/EC. The credit quality step shall 
reflect any readjustments to the credit quality made internally by the undertakings 
that use the standard formula.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/693