 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), 
to provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in 
the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reporting  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other 
templates.  
R0010/C0010  Simplifications used – health 
mortality risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of health 
mortality risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0010/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0100.  
R0020/C0010  Simplifications used – health 
longevity risk  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of health 
longevity risk. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0020/C0010 = 1, only C0060 and C0080 shall be filled in for R0200.  
R0030/C0010  Simplifications used: health 
disability– morbidity risk – 
Medical expense  Identify whether an undertaking used simplifications for the calculation of health 
disability morbidity risk – Medical expense. The following options shall be used: 
1 – Simplifications used 
2 – Simplifications not used 
If R0030/C0010 = 1, only C0060/R0310 and C0080/R0310 shall be filled in. 
R0320 and R0330 shall not be filled in.EN  L 120/914 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023