 (5)  As insurance or reinsurance undertakings may increasingly underwrite cyber risk, supervisors should incorporate 
considerations on this emerging risk in their supervisory activities. In order to facilitate such activities, a new 
reporting template on cyber underwriting risk is included.  
(6)  As part of the supervisory review process, it is important for supervisory authorities to be able to monitor the 
adequacy of internal models. Partial and full internal models allow to capture the individual risk of a company 
better and Directive 2009/138/EC allows insurance and reinsurance undertakings to use them for determining 
capital requirements without limitations stemming from the standard formula. However, assessments based on 
non-standardized information make supervision more difficult. Supervisory authorities should therefore benefit 
from new templates and clarified instructions, which support sensible data production.  
(7)  Reporting requirements should not be excessively burdensome for undertakings. To that end, it is necessary to 
specify how several reporting requirements apply in a proportionate way without jeopardizing the quality of data 
to be provided by the undertakings.  
(8)  Captive insurance undertakings and captive reinsurance undertakings which only cover risks associated with the 
industrial or commercial group to which they belong, present a particular risk profile that should be taken into 
account when defining reporting requirements. Captive insurance undertakings and captive reinsurance under ­
takings should therefore be able to benefit from specific risk-based reporting arrangements.  
(9)  The provisions of this Regulation are closely linked to each other, since they all deal with the submission of 
information from insurance and reinsurance undertakings and groups to the supervisory authorities. To ensure 
coherence between those provisions, which should enter into force at the same time, to facilitate a comprehensive 
understanding of those provisions and to ensure easy access to them by persons subject to the reporting 
obligations, including investors not established in the Union, it is desirable to include all the implementing 
technical standards required by Article 35(10), Article 244(6) and Article 245(6) of Directive 2009/138/EC in a 
single Regulation.  
(10)  This Regulation is based on the draft implementing technical standards submitted to the Commission by the 
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority.  
(11)  The European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority has conducted open public consultations on the 
draft implementing technical standards on which this Regulation is based, analysed the potential related costs and 
benefits and requested the advice of the Insurance and Reinsurance Stakeholder Group established in accordance 
with Article 37 of Regulation (EU) No 1094/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council (  2 ). 
(12)  Undertakings should be given sufficient time to implement the updated reporting requirements. The date of 
application of this Regulation should therefore be deferred,  
HAS ADOPTED THIS REGULATION:  
CHAPTER I  
TEMPLATES FOR SUPERVISORY REPORTING  
Article 1  
Supervisory reporting formats  
Insurance and reinsurance undertakings, captive insurance and captive reinsurance undertakings, participating insurance 
and reinsurance undertakings, insurance holding companies and mixed financial holding companies shall submit the 
information in accordance with this Regulation in the data exchange formats and representations determined by the 
supervisory authorities or by the group supervisor and in accordance with the following specifications:  
(a) data points with the data type ‘monetary’ shall be expressed in units with no decimals, with the exception of the 
information referred to in templates S.06.02, S.08.01 and S.11.01 of Annex I and III to this Implementing 
Regulation which shall be expressed in units with two decimals;EN  L 120/2 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023  
( 2 ) Regulation (EU) No 1094/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 November 2010 establishing a European 
Supervisory Authority (European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority), amending Decision No 716/2009/EC and 
repealing Commission Decision 2009/79/EC (OJ L 331, 15.12.2010, p. 48).