 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
It shall be the difference between the excess of assets over liabilities calculated 
considering the technical provisions without volatility adjustment and without 
other transitional measures and the excess of assets over liabilities calculated 
with the technical provisions reported under C0040.  
C0080/R0030  Without matching adjustment 
and without all the others – 
Basic own funds – Excess of 
assets over liabilities  Total amount of excess of assets over liabilities calculated considering Technical 
provisions without any LTG measure. 
If matching adjustment is not applicable report the same amount as in C0060.  
C0090/R0030  Impact of matching 
adjustment set to zero – Basic 
own funds – Excess of assets 
over liabilities  Amount of the adjustment to the excess of assets over liabilities due to the 
application of the matching adjustment. It shall include the impact of setting 
the volatility adjustment and the matching adjustment to zero. 
It shall be the difference between the excess of assets over liabilities calculated 
considering the technical provisions without matching adjustment and without all 
the other transitional measures and the excess of assets over liabilities calculated 
with the technical provisions reported under C0060.  
C0100/R0030  Impact of all LTG measures 
and transitionals – Basic own 
funds – Excess of assets over 
liabilities  Amount of the adjustment to the excess of assets over liabilities due to the 
application of the LTG measures and transitionals.  
C0010/R0040  Amount with LTG measures 
and transitionals – Basic own 
funds – Restricted own funds 
due to ring–fencing and 
matching portfolio  Total amount of restricted own funds due to ring–fencing calculated considering 
technical provisions including the adjustments due to the long-term guarantee 
measures and transitional measures.  
C0020/R0040  Without transitional on 
technical provisions – Basic 
own funds – Restricted own 
funds due to ring–fencing and 
matching portfolio  Total amount of restricted own funds due to ring–fencing calculated considering 
technical provisions without the adjustment due to the transitional deduction to 
technical provisions, but keeping the adjustments due to the volatility adjustment 
and the matching adjustment. 
If transitional deduction to technical provisions is not applicable report the same 
amount as in C0010.  
C0030/R0040  Impact of transitional on 
technical provisions – Basic 
own funds – Restricted own 
funds due to ring–fencing and 
matching portfolio  Amount of the adjustment to the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing due to 
the application of the transitional deduction to technical provisions. 
It shall be the difference between the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing 
calculated considering the technical provisions without transitional deduction to 
technical provisions and the restricted own funds due to ring–fencing calculated 
with the technical provisions with LTG and transitional measures.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/789