 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Annuities 
information:  
C0020/R0040 – 
R0190  Undiscounted annuity claims 
provisions at the start of 
year N  Amount of annuity claims best estimate stemming from Non–Life Insurance 
obligations at beginning of year N.  
C0030/R0040 – 
R0190  Undiscounted annuity claims 
provisions set up during 
year N  Total amount of annuity claims provisions stemming from Non–Life Insurance 
obligations set up during year N as at the moment they were first set up (i.e., 
where assumptions used were for the first time based on life techniques) 
This is a part of technical provisions set up during year N (Net movements 
between new reserves during year N/release of reserves during year N).  
C0040/R0040 – 
R0190  Annuity payments paid during 
year N  Total amount of annuity payments stemming from Non–Life Insurance 
obligations made during the calendar year N.  
C0050/R0040 – 
R0190  Undiscounted annuity claims 
provisions at the end of year N  Total amount of annuity claims provisions stemming from Non–Life Insurance 
obligations at end of year N.  
C0060/R0040 – 
R0190  Number of annuities 
obligations at the end of 
year N  Number of non–life insurance annuity obligations.  
C0070/R0040 – 
R0190  Best Estimate for annuity 
claims provisions at the end of 
year N (discounted basis)  Best estimate covering annuities stemming from Non–Life Insurance obligations at 
the end of calendar year N. 
Information should be considered gross of reinsurance.  
C0080/R0040 – 
R0190  Undiscounted development 
result  Undiscounted development result calculated as the undiscounted annuity claims 
provisions at the start of year N, minus annuity payments paid during year N and 
minus undiscounted annuity claims provisions at the end of year N.  
C0020–C0080/ 
R0200  Total  Total amount of the undiscounted development result for all accident/under ­
writing years.  
S.17.01 – Non–life Technical Provisions  
General comments:  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities, ring-fenced funds, 
matching adjustment portfolios and remaining part.  
Undertakings may apply appropriate approximations in the calculation of the technical provisions as referred to in 
Article 21 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. In addition, Article 59 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 may 
be applied to calculate the risk margin during the financial year.  
Line of Business for non–life obligations: The lines of business, referred to in Article 80 of the Directive 2009/138/EC, 
as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, referred to direct business/accepted proportional 
reinsurance and accepted non–proportional reinsurance. The segmentation shall reflect the nature of the risks underlying 
the contract (substance), rather than the legal form of the contract (form).  
Health direct insurance business pursued on a non–similar technical basis to life insurance shall be segmented into Non– 
Life line of business 1 to 3.  
Accepted proportional reinsurance shall be considered together with the direct business in the C0020 to C0130.  
The information to be reported between R0010 and R0280 shall be after the volatility adjustment, the matching 
adjustment and the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure if applied but shall 
not include the transitional deduction to technical provisions. The amount of transitional deduction to technical 
provisions is requested separately between rows R0290 and R0310.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/747