 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0220/C0090  Total Volume measure 
for premium and reserve 
risk  The total volume measure for premium and reserve risk, equal to the sum of the 
volume measures for premium and reserve risk for all segments.  
R0230/C0020  Combined standard devi ­
ation  This is the combined standard deviation for premium and reserve risk for all 
segments.  
R0300/C0100  Total solvency capital 
requirement for non – 
life premium and reserve 
risk  This is the total solvency capital charge for the non–life premium and reserve risk 
sub module.  
Non–life lapse risk  
R0400/C0110  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
Non–life underwriting 
risk – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to the non–life lapse risk, before 
the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0400/C0120  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– Non–life underwriting 
risk – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to the non–life lapse risk, before 
the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0400/C0130  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – Non– 
life underwriting risk – 
Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to non–life lapse risk, after the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0400/C0140  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities – 
Non–life underwriting 
risk – Lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to non–life lapse risk, after the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0400/C0150  Solvency capital 
requirement – Non–life 
underwriting risk – Lapse 
risk  This is the capital charge for non–life underwriting lapse risk.  
Non–life catastrophe 
ris kEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1409