 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0480  Best estimate subject to vola ­
tility adjustment  Amount of best estimate reported in R0260 subject to volatility adjustment, for 
each Line of Business.  
C0180/R0480  Best estimate subject to vola ­
tility adjustment – Total Non– 
Life obligation  Total amount, for all lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, of the best estimate reported in R0260 subject to 
volatility adjustment.  
C0020 to 
C0170/R0490  Technical provisions without 
volatility adjustment and 
without others transitional 
measures  Amount of Technical provisions without volatility adjustment, for each line of 
business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
In the cases where the same best estimates were also subject to the transitional 
deduction to technical provisions/transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free 
interest rate term structure, the amount reported in this item shall reflect the value 
without both the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term 
structure and without the volatility adjustment.  
C0180/R0490  Technical provisions without 
volatility adjustment and 
without others transitional 
measures – Total Non–Life 
obligation  Total amount, for all lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35, of technical provisions without volatility adjustment. 
In the cases where the same best estimates were also subject to the transitional 
deduction to technical provisions/transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free 
interest rate term structure, the amount reported in this item shall reflect the value 
without both the transitional adjustment to the relevant risk-free interest rate term 
structure and without the volatility adjustment.  
C0020, C0030, 
C0040, C0050, 
C0060, C0070, 
C0080, C0090, 
C0100, C0110, 
C0120, C0130, 
C0140, C0150, 
C0160, 
C0170/R0500  Expected profits included in 
future premiums (EPIFP)  Amount of Expected profit in future premiums (‘EPIFP’) gross of reinsurance and 
taxes (i.e. without considering their impact), for each line of business, as defined in 
Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
C0180/R0500  Expected profits included in 
future premiums (EPIFP)— 
Total Non-Life obligation  Total amount Expected profit in future premiums (‘EPIFP’) gross of reinsurance 
and taxes (i.e. without considering their impact) for Non-Life obligation.  
S.17.03 – Non-Life Technical Provisions – By country  
General comments:  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual entities. The template is not due when the 
thresholds for reporting by country described below are not applicable, i.e. the home country represents 100 % of the 
sum of the technical provisions calculated as a whole and gross best estimate. When this amount is higher than 90 % 
but lower than 100 % then only R0010, R0020,R0030, R0040, R0050, R0060, R0070, R0080 and R0090 shall be 
reported.  
The negative technical provisions at the level of the line of business or countries shall be considered with absolute value 
for the purpose of the calculation of the materiality of the above thresholds.  
Health direct insurance business pursued on a non–similar technical basis to life insurance shall be segmented into Non– 
Life line of business 1 to 3.  
Undertakings shall take into account all the obligations in different currencies and convert them into the reporting 
currency.EN  L 120/760 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023