 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0430/C0020  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Assets – 
SLT health lapse risk– 
mass lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to mass lapse risk, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0430/C0030  Initial absolute values 
before shock – Liabilities 
– SLT health lapse risk – 
mass lapse risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to mass lapse risk, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0430/C0040  Absolute values after 
shock – Assets – SLT 
health lapse risk – mass 
lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to mass lapse risk, after the shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0430/C0050  Absolute values after 
shock – Liabilities (after 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – SLT health 
lapse risk – mass lapse 
risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to mass lapse risk, after the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0430/C0060  Absolute value after 
shock – Net solvency 
capital requirement – 
SLT health lapse risk – 
mass lapse risk  This is the net capital charge for SLT health lapse risk – mass lapse risk, referred 
to in Title I Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35, after 
adjustment for the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0430/C0070  Absolute value after 
shock – Liabilities (before 
the loss absorbing 
capacity of technical 
provisions) – Health 
lapse risk – mass lapse 
risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (before the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to mass lapse risk, after the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0430/C0080  Absolute value after 
shock – Gross solvency 
capital requirement – 
SLT health lapse risk – 
mass lapse risk  This is the gross capital charge (excluding the loss absorbing capacity for technical 
provisions) for SLT health lapse risk – mass lapse risk referred to in Title I 
Chapter V Section 4 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1399