 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0041  Unique Transaction 
Identifiers  Identify the Trade IDs used in the trade reports to trade repositories according to 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories. 
As many Trade IDs as needed to build the position being reported should be reported 
in this item. The trade IDs shall be reported separated by commas. 
This item shall be reported with ‘No ID’ when the derivative not in the scope of 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012.  
C0050  Derivative ID Code type  Type of ID Code used for the ‘Derivative ID Code’ item. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – ISO/6166 for ISIN 
2 – CUSIP (The Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures number 
assigned by the CUSIP Service Bureau for U.S. and Canadian companies) 
3 – SEDOL (Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the London Stock Exchange) 
4 – WKN (Wertpapier Kenn–Nummer, the alphanumeric German identification 
number) 
5 – Bloomberg Ticker (Bloomberg letters code that identify a company’s securities) 
6 – BBGID (The Bloomberg Global ID) 
7 – Reuters RIC (Reuters instrument code) 
8 – FIGI (Financial Instrument Global Identifier) 
9 – Other code by members of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
99 – Code attributed by the undertaking  
C0060  Portfolio  Distinction between life, non–life, shareholder’s funds, general (no split) and ring-fenced 
funds. 
Underlying derivatives of life technical provisions shall be assigned to life portfolio and 
underlying derivatives of non-life technical provisions shall be assigned to non-life 
portfolio (by applying the available most precise split). 
One of the options in the following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Life 
2 – Non–life 
3 – Ring fenced funds 
4 – Other internal fund 
5 – Shareholders’ funds 
6 – General 
The split is not mandatory, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory 
authority, except for identifying ring fenced funds, but shall be reported if the under ­
taking uses it internally. When an undertaking does not apply a split ‘general’ shall be 
used.EN  L 120/1214 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023