 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0230-C0400/ 
R1720  Simulated standard 
deviation for Total 
(property and non- 
property) business  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution corresponding to each peril 
and aggregation of perils. It is the output obtained based on the simulation process. The 
standard deviation should be reported with the same split as the Simulated mean.  
C0230- 
C0400/R1730- 
R1810  Simulated percentiles for 
Total (property and non- 
property) business  Probability distribution percentiles obtained based on the simulation process for each 
peril and aggregation of perils. Reported percentiles are 0,75, 0,9, 0,96, 0,98, 0,99, 
0,995, 0,996, 0,998 and 0,999. The information for each separate percentile shall be 
reported with the same split as the Simulated mean.  
Premium and sums insured data  
C0410/R1820- 
R1950  Gross Annual Premium – 
Direct insurance  Split of gross annual premium written for direct business by geographical region. 
Geographical regions to be used are Europe, Africa, North East US, South East US, 
Mid-West US, Western US, Northern America (excluding US), Caribbean & Central 
America, South America, Australia, Japan, Asia (excluding Japan) and Rest of World. 
Any unallocated premium should be put in the Unallocated bucket. 
The definition of these geographical areas can be found in Annex III of the 
COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2015/35. When one of the above 
geographical regions is a superset of the defined regions in the delegated regulation 
then all countries in the subsets should be considered for this region. The only 
exception here is Japan which is singled out from the rest of Asia.  
C0420/R1820- 
R1950  Total Sum Insured – 
Direct insurance  Split of total sum insured for direct business by geographical region. Geographical 
regions to be used are Europe, Africa, North East US, South East US, Mid-West US, 
Western US, Northern America (excluding US), Caribbean & Central America, South 
America, Australia, Japan, Asia (excluding Japan) and Rest of World. Any unallocated 
premium should be put in the Unallocated bucket. 
The definition of these geographical areas can be found in Annex III of the 
COMMISSION DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2015/35. When one of the above 
geographical regions is a superset of the defined regions in the delegated regulation 
then all countries in the subsets should be considered for this region. The only 
exception here is Japan which is singled out from the rest of Asia.  
C0410/R1960- 
R1990  Gross Annual Premium – 
Reinsurance  The insurance or reinsurance undertaking is expected to split their gross annual written 
premium for reinsurance by geographical region. Geographical regions to be used are 
Europe, North America and Rest of World. Any unallocated premium should be put in 
the Unallocated bucket.  
C0420/R1960- 
R1990  Total Sum Insured – 
Reinsurance  The insurance or reinsurance undertaking is expected to split their total sum insured for 
reinsurance by geographical region. Geographical regions to be used are Europe, North 
America and Rest of World. Any unallocated premium should be put in the 
Unallocated bucket.  
SPLIT OF PREMIUM INCOME  
C0430/R2000  Direct insurance  Premium income (gross allocated written premium forecasted for the next 12 months 
as used in the model) for the insurance or reinsurance undertaking direct business.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1465