 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0050/R0140  Value of material 
currencies – Derivatives  Report the value of the derivatives for each of the currency required to be reported 
separately.  
C0020/R0150  Total value of all 
currencies – Financial 
liabilities  Report the total value of the financial liabilities for all currencies.  
C0030/R0150  Value of the reporting 
currency – Financial 
liabilities  Report the value of the financial liabilities for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0150  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Financial 
liabilities  Report the total value of the financial liabilities for the remaining currencies that are 
not reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0150) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0150).  
C0050/R0150  Value of material 
currencies – Financial 
liabilities  Report the value of the financial liabilities for each of the currencies required to be 
reported separately.  
C0020/R0160  Total value of all 
currencies – Contingent 
liabilities  Report the total value of the Contingent liabilities for all currencies.  
C0030/R0160  Value of the reporting 
currency – Contingent 
liabilities  Report the value of the contingent liabilities for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0160  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Contingent 
liabilities  Report the total value of the contingent liabilities for the remaining currencies that are 
not reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0160) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0160).  
C0050/R0160  Value of material 
currencies – Contingent 
liabilities  Report the value of the contingent liabilities for each of the currencies required to be 
reported separately  
C0020/R0170  Total value of all 
currencies – Any other 
liabilities  Report the total value of any other liabilities for all currencies.  
C0030/R0170  Value of the reporting 
currency – Any other 
liabilities  Report the value of any other liabilities for the reporting currency.EN  L 120/1156 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023