 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, matching 
adjustment portfolio or 
remaining part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching 
adjustment portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking and must be 
consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio number reported in other 
templates.  
Z0040  Currency for interest rate risk 
(captives)  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of issue. Each currency 
shall be reported in a different line.  
Market risk (including captives)  
R0010/C0010 – 
C0070  Spread risk (bonds and loans) 
– Market value – by credit 
quality step  Market value of the assets subject to a capital requirement for spread risk on 
bonds and loans for each credit quality step where a credit assessment by a 
nominated ECAI is available.  
R0010/C0080  Spread risk (bonds and loans) 
– Market value – No rating 
available  Market value of the assets subject to a capital requirement for spread risk on 
bonds and loans where no credit assessment by a nominated ECAI is available.  
R0020/C0010 – 
C0070  Spread risk (bonds and loans) 
– Modified duration – by 
credit quality step  Modified duration in years of the assets subject to a capital requirement for spread 
risk on bonds and loans for each credit quality step where a credit assessment by 
a nominated ECAI is available.  
R0020/C0080  Spread risk (bonds and loans) 
– Modified duration – No 
rating available  Modified duration in years of the assets subject to a capital requirement for spread 
risk on bonds and loans where no credit assessment by a nominated ECAI is 
available.  
R0030/C0090  Spread risk (bonds and loans) 
– Increase in unit–linked and 
index–linked technical provi ­
sions  Increase in the technical provisions less risk margin for policies where the policy ­
holders bear the investment risk with embedded options and guarantees that 
would result from an instantaneous decrease in the value of the assets subject 
to the capital requirement for spread risk on bonds according to the simplified 
calculation.  
Interest rate risk (captives)  
R0040/C0100  Interest rate risk (captives) – 
Capital requirement – Interest 
rate up – by currency  Capital requirement for the risk of an increase in the term structure of interest 
rates according to the captive simplified calculation for each currency reported.  
R0040/C0110  Interest rate risk (Captives) – 
Capital requirement – Interest 
rate down – by currency  Capital requirement for the risk of a decrease in the term structure of interest rates 
according to the captive simplified calculation for each currency reported.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/935