 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0570  Own funds– from the financial 
statements that shall not be 
represented by the recon ­
ciliation reserve and do not 
meet the criteria to be clas ­
sified as Solvency II own funds 
– Description of item  This cell shall contain a description of the own fund items from the financial 
statements that shall not be represented by the reconciliation reserve and do not 
meet the criteria to be classified as Solvency II own funds.  
C0580  Own funds from the financial 
statements that shall not be 
represented by the recon ­
ciliation reserve and do not 
meet the criteria to be clas ­
sified as Solvency II own funds 
– Total amount  This is the total amount of the own fund items from the financial statements that 
shall not be represented by the reconciliation reserve and do not meet the criteria 
to be classified as Solvency II own funds.  
C0590  Ancillary own funds – 
Description of ancillary own 
funds  This is details of each ancillary own fund for an individual undertaking.  
C0600  Ancillary own funds – 
Amount  This is the amount for each ancillary own fund.  
C0610  Ancillary own funds – 
Counterpart  This is the counterpart of each ancillary own fund.  
C0620  Ancillary own funds – Issue 
date  This is the issue date of each ancillary own fund. This shall be in ISO8601 format 
(yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0630  Ancillary own fund – Date of 
authorisation  This is the date of authorisation of each ancillary own fund. This shall be in 
1SO8601 format (yyyy–mm–dd).  
C0640  Ancillary own fund – Name of 
supervisory authority having 
given authorisation  This is the name of the supervisory authority which has issued the authorisation, 
with country in parenthesis.  
C0650  Ancillary own fund – Name of 
entity concerned  This is the name of the entity concerned by the ancillary own fund.  
Adjustment for ring fenced funds and matching adjustment portfoliosEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1321