 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0120  Equity risk sum of which: 
Equity volatility risk  Equity volatility risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and 
financial instruments to changes in the volatility of market prices of equities.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0130  Property risk  Within the market & credit risk, the property risk comprises the sensitivity of the 
values of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the level, or in 
the volatility of market prices of real estate. 
Differently from e.g. equity risk no split in ‘level’ and ‘volatility’ is requested.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0140  Currency risk  Within the market and credit risk, the currency risk comprises the sensitivity of 
the values of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the level, or 
in the volatility of currency exchange rates. 
Differently from e.g. equity risk no split in ‘level’ and ‘volatility’ is requested.  
C0020-C0060/ 
R0150  Credit risk sum  Sum of the respective following values: 
— Credit Event Risk (‘migration and default’) (R0170) 
— Credit Spread risk ‘Government and central banks’ (R0190) 
— Credit Spread risk other (R0200) 
If the split in ‘Government and central banks’ (R0190) and ‘other’ (R0200) is not 
available in the model, please use ‘Credit Spread Risk’ (R0180) instead in the sum.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0160  Credit risk sum of which: 
Credit risk diversified  Within the market and credit risk, the credit risk comprises the sensitivity of the 
values of assets, liabilities and financial instruments to changes in the value of 
assets due to changes in credit spreads or credit migration or by credit default. 
In this line, diversification between changes in credit spreads or credit migration 
or credit default should be taken into account. 
Credit risk shall be given according to the scope as defined in the internal model 
and could cover only financial instruments or could cover any assets and also off- 
balance sheet items.  
C0020-C0300/ 
R0170  Credit risk sum of which: 
Credit event risk (‘migration 
and default’)  Credit event risk comprises the sensitivity of the values of assets, liabilities and 
financial instruments to changes in the value of assets due to changes in credit 
migration or by credit default. 
Diversification between credit migration and credit default should be taken into 
account. 
Credit risk shall be given according to the scope as defined in the internal model 
and could cover only financial instruments or could cover any assets and also off- 
balance sheet items.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/951