 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030/R0020  FPS – Frequency of claims for 
Motor Vehicle Liability (except 
carrier’s liability)  Number of claims, for each branch in relation to the business performed through 
freedom to provide services, incurred with regard to class 10 in Part A of Annex I 
of Directive 2009/138/EC (except carrier’s liability), over the average insured 
vehicles in the reporting period. The average insured vehicles correspond to the 
mean between the number of insured vehicles at the end of the reporting year and 
the number of insured vehicles at the end of the year before the reporting year. 
Claims without any incurred amounts shall not be taken into account.  
C0020/R0030 
…  Branch – Average cost of 
claims for Motor Vehicle 
Liability (except carrier’s 
liability)  Average of claims incurred, for each branch in relation to the business performed 
in the country where the branch is established, with regard to class 10 in Part A 
of Annex I of Directive 2009/138/EC (except carrier’s liability), measured as 
amount of claims incurred divided by the number of claims incurred. Claims 
without any incurred amounts shall not be taken into account.  
C0030/R0030 
…  FPS – Average cost of claims 
for Motor Vehicle Liability 
(except carrier’s liability)  Average of claims incurred, for each branch in relation to the business performed 
through freedom to provide services, with regard to class 10 in Part A of Annex I 
of Directive 2009/138/EC (except carrier’s liability), measured as amount of claims 
incurred divided by the number of claims incurred. Claims without any incurred 
amounts shall not be taken into account.  
S.04.03 – Basic Information – List of underwriting entities  
General comments  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual insurance and reinsurance undertakings only.  
The reporting instructions for template S.04.03 should be read in conjunction with the reporting instructions for 
S.04.04 and S.04.05. Across these three templates, entities shall report all business from two distinct perspectives: 
location of underwriting and location of risk.  
The information in these templates shall include:  
— all insurance business regardless of the possible different classification between investment contracts and insurance 
contracts applicable in the financial statements; and  
— direct business and accepted reinsurance business.  
This template shall be reported from an accounting perspective (i.e. Local GAAP, or IFRS if accepted as local GAAP); 
however, it shall be fulfilled using the lines of business as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
Undertakings shall use the recognition and valuation basis as for the published financial statements (i.e. no new 
recognition or re–valuation is required) except for the classification between investment contracts and insurance 
contracts when this is applicable in the financial statements.  
The information in these templates shall be presented gross, without deduction of reinsurance ceded.  
For the purposes of this template ‘country of establishment ’ means:  
a) The country where the insurance undertaking is authorised (home country) when the contract was not sold through 
a branch; andEN  L 120/642 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023