 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0730/C0100  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 3 – 
regulatory action  This is an amount reflecting change to Tier 3 subordinated liabilities due 
to regulatory action.  
R0730/C0060  Subordinated liabilities – Tier 3 – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of Tier 3 subordinated liabilities carried forward to the 
next reporting period.  
R0800/C0010  Total subordinated liabilities – 
balance brought forward  This is the balance of total subordinated liabilities brought forward from 
the previous reporting period.  
R0800/C0070  Total subordinated liabilities – 
issued  This is the amount of total subordinated liabilities issued over the 
reporting period.  
R0800/C0080  Total subordinated liabilities – 
redeemed  This is the amount of total subordinated liabilities redeemed over the 
reporting period.  
R0800/C0090  Total subordinated liabilities – 
movements in valuation  This is an amount reflecting the movements in valuation of total 
subordinated liabilities over the reporting period.  
R0800/C0100  Total subordinated liabilities – 
regulatory action  This is an amount reflecting change to total subordinated liabilities due to 
regulatory action.  
R0800/C0060  Total subordinated liabilities – 
balance carried forward  This is the balance of total subordinated liabilities carried forward to the 
next reporting period.  
An amount equal to 
the value of deferred 
tax assets  
R0900/C0010  An amount equal to the value of 
net deferred tax assets –Balance 
brought forward  This is the balance of an amount equal to the value of deferred tax assets 
brought forward from the previous reporting period.  
R0900/C0060  An amount equal to the value of 
net deferred tax assets –Balance 
carried forward  This is the balance of an amount equal to the value of deferred tax assets 
carried forward to the next reporting period.  
Other items approved 
by supervisory 
authority as basic own 
funds not specified 
above – movements in 
the reporting periodEN  L 120/1310 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023