 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0060/R0010, 
R0060, R0110, 
R0250, R0270  Sum insured  The total sum insured shall be reported for the products of the life insurance 
portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk category. 
If R0270 is reported then R0010 (Mortality) and R0060 (Longevity) shall not be 
reported.  
C0070/R0010- 
R0270  Solvency Capital Requirements  The SCR for the relevant risk category, net of reinsurance. 
The following explanations apply for C0070 – C0260: 
For the aggregate risks, the SCR after aggregation over the underlying sub-risks 
should be reported. 
For lapse risk the following applies: 
— ‘Lapse’ covers exercising contractual options in a general sense. 
— Risk of increase in lapse rates (R0170) and decrease of lapse rates (R0180) are 
lapse risks other than mass lapse risk, where R0170 (R0180) covers the part 
of the business leading to a loss if lapse rates increase (decrease) as defined in 
the internal model. 
— Risk of mass lapse (R0190) is risk of accumulation or catastrophe risk for 
lapse as defined in the internal model. 
— ‘Lapse type split (other than mass lapse)’ covers non-mass lapse risk if a split 
in increase/decrease is not available and offers a split in three rough 
categories: ‘full surrender’, i.e. termination of the contract, ‘partial surrender’ 
and ‘other’ exercising of contractual options or ‘Policyholder behaviour’. 
If R0270 is reported then R0010 to R0100 shall not be reported.  
C0080/R0010- 
R0270  Mean  The mean of the probability distribution of the net SCR 
If R0270 is reported then R0010 to R0100 shall not be reported.  
C0090/R0010- 
R0270  Standard deviation  The Standard deviation of the probability distribution of the net SCR 
If R0270 is reported then R0010 to R0100 shall not be reported.  
C0100- 
C0310/R0010- 
R0270  Percentiles from 0.001 to 
0.999  It is expected that the insurance and reinsurance undertakings indicate the 
amounts of the percentiles required in the table related to the probability 
distribution obtained based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and 
on discounted basis). 
If R0270 is reported then R0010 to R0100 shall not be reported.  
OPTION 2 – LIFE RISK  
To be completed if the internal model only has a split between Trend and Level risk. In that case the following template 
(S.26.14.01.02) replaces the template above (S.26.14.01.01).  
C0010/R0300  Net Best Estimate 
liability + Technical provisions 
calculated as a whole  Catastrophe risk best estimate shall be reported net of reinsurance and refers to 
the products of the life insurance portfolio that are sensitive to the relevant risk 
category. TPs calculated as a whole should be taken in as well.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/979