 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
10 – aggregate excess of loss 
11 – unlimited excess of loss 
12 – stop loss 
13 – other proportional treaties 
14 – other non–proportional treaties 
Other proportional treaties (code 13) and Other non–proportional treaties 
(code 14) can be used for hybrid types of reinsurance treaties.  
C0100  Inclusion of catastrophic 
reinsurance cover  Identification of the including of catastrophic guarantees. Depending on whether 
the listed catastrophe risks are protected under reinsurance covers, one or a 
combination (separated by ‘,’) of the following codes has to be used: 
1 – cover excludes all catastrophic guarantees 
2 – earthquake, volcanic eruption, tidal wave etc. are covered 
3 – flood is covered 
4 – hurricane, windstorm, etc. are covered 
5 – other risks such as freeze, hail, strong wind are covered 
6 – terrorism is covered 
7 – SRCC (strikes, riots, civil commotion), sabotage, popular uprising are covered 
8 – all the above mentioned risks are covered 
9 – risks not otherwise included in the listed items are covered  
C0110  Validity period (start date)  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the date of commencement of the 
specific reinsurance treaty.  
C0120  Validity period (expiry date)  Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the final expiry date of the specific 
reinsurance treaty. 
In case the treaty conditions remain unchanged when filling in the template and 
the undertaking is not making use of the termination clause, the expiry date will 
be the next possible expiry date.  
C0130  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency used while placing the 
reinsurance treaty. All the amounts must be expressed in this currency for the 
specific cover, unless otherwise required by the national supervisory authority. In 
case the treaty is placed in two different currencies, then the main currency must 
be filled.  
C0140  Type of underwriting model  Type of underwriting model which is used to estimate the exposure of the under ­
writing risk and the need for reinsurance protection. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Sum Insured 
the highest amount that the insurer can be obliged to pay out according to the 
original policy. SI must also be filled when type of underwriting model is not 
applicableEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1079