 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0110  Simulated (output) 
standard deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution of the future cash out-flows 
(Combined ratio styled) relating to claims events on a one-year time horizon basis as at 
the reporting reference date. It is the output obtained based on the simulation process 
(gross of reinsurance and on a discounted basis).  
R0120-R0330  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in the 
table related to the probability distribution of the future cash out-flows relating to 
claims events on a one-year time horizon basis as at the reporting reference date 
obtained based on the simulation process (gross of reinsurance and on a discounted 
basis). 
If the risk measure definition is in line with the risk measure definition of Article 101 
of the Solvency II Directive, the 99.5 percentile will differ by the Simulated (output) 
mean from the SCR.  
Net Reserve risk model data  
R0340  Provision for claims 
outstanding – discounted  The best estimate of claims (net of reinsurance recoverables) that have not been settled. 
It includes all claims not yet settled, reported and not reported. Based on Article 77 
Solvency II Directive, the best estimate corresponds to the probability-weighted average 
of future cash-flows, taking account of the time value of money (expected present value 
of future cash-flows), using the relevant risk-free interest rate term structure.  
R0350  Premium Provision – 
discounted (only if 
premium provision 
allocated to reserve risk)  The discounted sum of future cash flows that comprise the premium provisions net of 
reinsurance recoverables. This cell should be filled in if the premium provision at the 
reporting reference date is allocated to reserve risk.  
R0360  Solvency Capital 
Requirement  This is the amount of funds that insurance and reinsurance groups need to face their 
risks. It is required to identify the solvency capital requirement for each internal line of 
business, SII LoB and aggregate level based on net of reinsurance data.  
R0370  Simulated (output) mean  This is the mean of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained based on the 
simulation process (net of reinsurance and on discounted basis).  
R0380  Simulated (output) 
standard deviation  This is the standard deviation of the probability distribution. It is the output obtained 
based on the simulation process (net of reinsurance and on discounted basis).  
R0390-R0600  Percentiles from 0,001 to 
0,999  The undertaking is expected to indicate the amounts of the percentiles required in the 
table related to the probability distribution obtained based on the simulation process 
(net of reinsurance and on discounted basis).  
Gross Premium risk model dataEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1459