 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
R0430/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Lapse risk – mass 
lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to mass lapse risk charge, after the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0430/C0050  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (after the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions) – Lapse risk – mass 
lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities (after the loss absorbing capacity of 
technical provisions) sensitive to mass lapse risk charge, after the shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0430/C0060  Absolute value after shock – 
Net solvency capital 
requirement – Lapse risk – 
mass lapse risk  This is the net capital charge for mass lapse risk, after adjustment for the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions.  
R0430/C0070  Absolute values after shock – 
Liabilities (before the loss– 
absorbing capacity of technical 
provisions)– Lapse risk – mass 
lapse risk  This is the absolute value of the liabilities sensitive to mass lapse risk charge, after 
the shock (before the loss absorbing capacity of technical provisions). 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0430/C0080  Absolute value after shock – 
Gross solvency capital 
requirement – Lapse risk – 
mass lapse risk  This is the gross capital charge for mass lapse risk, after the shock (before the loss 
absorbing capacity of technical provisions).  
R0500/C0020  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Assets – Life – 
expense risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to life – expense risk, before the 
shock. 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.  
R0500/C0030  Initial absolute values before 
shock – Liabilities – Life – 
expense risk  This is the absolute value of liabilities sensitive to life –expense risk, before the 
shock. 
The amount of Technical Provisions shall be net of reinsurance and SPV recover ­
ables.  
R0500/C0040  Absolute values after shock – 
Assets – Life – expense risk  This is the absolute value of the assets sensitive to life expense risk, after the 
shock (i.e. shock as prescribed by standard formula: a 10 % increase the amount 
of expenses taken into account in the calculation of technical provisions and 
increase in 1 percentage point to the expense inflation rate (expressed as a 
percentage) used for the calculation of technical provision). 
Recoverables from reinsurance and SPVs shall not be included in this cell.EN  L 120/910 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023