 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
13. Business disruption and system failures – Systems 
14. Business disruption and system failures – Other 
15. Clients, products and business practices – Suitability, disclosure and fiduciary 
16. Clients, products and business practices – Improper business or market practices 
17. Clients, products and business practices – Product flaws 
18. Clients, products and business practices – Selection, sponsorship and exposure 
19. Clients, products and business practices – Advisory activities 
20. Clients, products and business practices – Other 
21. Execution, delivery and process management – Transaction capture, execution and 
maintenance 
22. Execution, delivery and process management – Monitoring and reporting 
23. Execution, delivery and process management – Customer intake and documen ­
tation 
24. Execution, delivery and process management – Customer/client account 
management 
25. Execution, delivery and process management – Trade counterparties 
26. Execution, delivery and process management – Vendors and suppliers 
27. Execution, delivery and process management – Other  
C0070  Probability Distribution  Identify the probability distribution. One of the options in the following closed list shall 
be used: 
1. Poisson-lognormal 
2. Lognormal 
3. Poisson-Pareto 
4. Empirical 
5. Pareto 
6. Other, please specify 
7. Obtained by aggregation of lower levels 
Item 1 to 6 to be used in case the probability distribution is quantified; item 7 in case 
the probability distribution is obtained by aggregation of lower level distributions.  
C0080  Solvency Capital 
Requirement  Solvency capital requirement net of risk mitigating contracts per scenario.EN  L 120/1474 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023