 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Z0010  Article 112  Identifies whether the reported figures have been requested under Article 112(7), to 
provide an estimate of the SCR using standard formula. One of the options in the 
following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Article 112(7) reporting 
2 – Regular reporting  
Z0020  Ring–fenced fund, 
matching adjustment 
portfolio or remaining 
part  Identifies whether the reported figures are with regard to a RFF, matching adjustment 
portfolio or to the remaining part. One of the options in the following closed list shall 
be used: 
1 – RFF/MAP 
2 – Remaining part  
Z0030  Fund/Portfolio number  When item Z0020 = 1, identification number for a ring-fenced fund or matching 
adjustment portfolio. This number is attributed by the undertaking within the scope 
of group supervision and must be consistent over time and with the fund/portfolio 
number reported in other templates.  
R0100/C0020  Life gross technical 
provisions (excluding risk 
margin) (other than unit- 
linked or index-linked)  This is technical provisions for life insurance obligations, excluding unit-linked. For 
these purposes, technical provisions shall not include the risk margin, and shall be 
without deduction of recoverables from reinsurance contracts and special purpose 
vehicles.  
R0110/C0020  Life gross technical 
provisions unit–linked 
(excluding risk margin)  This is technical provisions for life insurance obligations where the investment risk is 
borne by the policyholders. For these purposes, technical provisions shall not include 
the risk margin, and shall be without deduction of recoverables from reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles.  
R0120/C0020  Non–life gross technical 
provisions (excluding risk 
margin)  This is technical provisions for non–life insurance obligations. For these purposes, 
technical provisions shall not include the risk margin, and shall be without 
deduction of recoverables from reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles.  
R0130/C0020  Capital requirement for 
operational risk based on 
technical provisions  This is the capital requirement for operational risk based on technical provisionsEN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1411