 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0180  Aggregate deductibles (%)  The percentage of franchise, meaning an additional retention percentage when 
losses are covered by the reinsurer only when a certain amount of cumulative 
losses have taken place. This item is reported, when applicable, only if item 
C0170 is not reported. 
The percentage shall be reported as a decimal.  
C0190  Retention or priority (amount)  The amount, for Surplus, Working XL and Catastrophe XL treaties, that is stated 
as retention or priority in the reinsurance treaty. Separate indication shall be given 
for the various lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35.  
C0200  Retention or priority (%)  The percentage, for Quota Share and Stop Loss treaties, that is stated as retention 
or priority in the reinsurance treaty. Separate indication shall be given for the 
various lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/35. 
The percentage shall be reported as a decimal.  
C0210  Limit (amount)  The amount that is stated as Limit in the reinsurance treaty. Separate indication 
shall be given for the various lines of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
In the case of unlimited cover ‘– 1’ is to be reported.  
C0220  Limit (%)  The percentage, for Stop Loss treaties, that is stated as Limit in the reinsurance 
treaty. Separate indication shall be given for the various lines of business, as 
defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35. 
In the case of unlimited cover ‘– 1’ is to be reported. 
The percentage shall be reported as a decimal.  
C0230  Maximum cover per risk or 
event  The amount of maximum cover per risk or event. If for a Quota Share or a 
Surplus a maximum amount has been agreed for an event (for example – wind ­
storm), the 100 % amount is to be reported. In all other cases, the amount is 
equal to the Limit minus Priority. 
In the case of unlimited cover ‘– 1’ is to be reported.  
C0240  Maximum cover per treaty  The amount of maximum cover per treaty. If for a Quota Share or a Surplus a 
maximum amount has been set for the entire contract, the 100 % amount is to be 
reported. In the case of unlimited cover ‘– 1’ is to be reported. For XL or SL 
treaties the initial capacity has to be indicated (e.g. annual aggregate limits); total 
cover might also be the result of the information provided under C0250.  
C0245  Coverage of a layer covered by 
reinsurance  The amount of maximum cover for a layer of a treaty. In the case of unlimited 
cover ‘– 1’ is to be reported. For XL or SL treaties the initial capacity has to be 
indicated (e.g. annual aggregate limits). In case the treaty only includes one layer, 
this cell will be equal to C0250.  
C0250  Number of reinstatements  Number of possibilities to recover the reinsurance coverage.  
C0260  Description of reinstatements  Description of the reinstatements to recover the reinsurance coverage. Examples 
of possible content of this item are ‘2 at 100 % plus 1 at 150 %’ or ‘all free’EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1081