 
S.23.01 – Own Funds  
General comments:  
This section relates to the quarterly and annual submission for groups.  
The template is applicable under all three calculation methods for group solvency capital requirement. Since most of the 
items are applicable to the part of the group that is covered by method 1 (Accounting consolidation-based method), the 
items applicable when method 2 (Deduction and Aggregation method or D&A method) is used, exclusively or in 
combination with method 1, are clearly identified in the instructions.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Basic own funds before deduction for participations in other financial sector  
R0010/C0010  Ordinary share capital (gross 
of own shares) – total  This is the total ordinary share capital, both held directly and indirectly (before 
deduction of own shares). This is the total ordinary share capital of the group 
that fully satisfies the criteria for Tier 1 or Tier 2 items. Any ordinary share 
capital that does not fully satisfy the criteria shall be treated as preference shares 
capital and classified accordingly notwithstanding their description or designation.  
R0010/C0020  Ordinary share capital (gross 
of own shares) – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the amount of paid up ordinary share capital that meets unrestricted Tier 1– 
criteria.  
R0010/C0040  Ordinary share capital (gross 
of own shares) – tier 2  This is the amount of called up ordinary share capital that meets the criteria for 
Tier 2.  
R0020/C0010  Non–available called but not 
paid in ordinary share 
capital to be deducted at 
group level – total  This is the total amount of called but not paid in ordinary share capital which is 
deemed non–available as defined in Article 222(2)–(5) of Directive 2009/138/EC, to 
be deducted as per Article 330 of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0020/C0020  Non–available called but not 
paid in ordinary share 
capital to be deducted at 
group level – tier 1 
unrestricted  This is the total amount of called but not paid in ordinary share capital which is 
deemed non–available as defined in Article 222(2)–(5) of Directive 2009/138/EC 
that meets tier 1 unrestricted criteria and has to be deducted as per Article 330 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0020/C0040  Non–available called but not 
paid in ordinary share 
capital to be deducted at 
group level – tier 2  This is the amount of called but not paid in ordinary share capital which is deemed 
non–available as defined in Article 222(2)–(5) of Directive 2009/138/EC which 
meets the criteria for Tier 2 and has to be deducted as per Article 330 of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35.  
R0030/C0010  Share premium account 
related to ordinary share 
capital – total  The total share premium account related to ordinary share capital that fully satisfies 
the criteria for Tier 1 or Tier 2 items.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1259