 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
In case Premiums Provisions at year end (N – 1) includes amount for which claims 
occurred during year N, this amount shall not be considered in Variation of BE on 
risks covered after the period, but, instead in Variation of BE on risks covered 
during the period, as this provision turned to Claims provisions.  
C0030/R0120  Variation of Technical 
Provisions as a whole  Part of TP calculated as a whole corresponding to risks covered after the period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0050.  
C0030/R0130  Net variation for index-linked 
and unit-linked business  This cell is deemed not applicable for Non–Life 
See instructions on C0010/R0060.  
C0030/R0140  Total  Total changes related to risks covered after the period, gross of reinsurance.  
Risks covered 
during the period  
C0040/R0080  Written premiums  Corresponds to part of written premiums related to risks covered during the 
period, i.e. earned premiums under Solvency II principles. 
In addition, allocation keys may be used to identify this part of the premiums 
affected to risks covered after the period.  
C0040/R0090  Claims and benefits – net of 
salvages and subrogations 
recovered  Corresponds to part of claims and benefits, net of salvages and subrogations 
related to risks covered during the period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0020.  
C0040/R0100  Expenses (related to insurance 
and reinsurance obligations)  Part of the expenses during the period that corresponds to risks covered during 
the period. 
See instructions on C0010/R0030.  
C0040/R0110  Variation of Best Estimate  Amount of the variation of best estimate for the risks covered during the period. 
For risks covered during the period: this variation of BE shall correspond to the 
sum of cells C0050/R0200 from template S.29.03 and C0060/R0200 from 
template S.29.03. if the analysis in S.29.03 is performed on a line of business 
basis. 
The amount refers to the following cases: 
a) Premiums Provisions at Year end N–1 which turned to Claims Provisions at 
year end N because claim has occurred during the period 
b) Claims provisions related to claims occurred during the period (for which there 
was no Premiums provisions at year end N – 1)EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1061