 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0030/R0050  Business underwritten in the 
considered country through 
FPS – Acquisition costs of 
which commissions  Commissions by the individual underwriting entity through FPS in the EEA 
country reported in R0010. 
The portion of the total acquisition expenses (as reported in R0040) which relate 
to commission costs.  
S.04.05 – Activity by country – location of risk  
General comments  
This section relates to annual submission of information for individual insurance and reinsurance undertakings only.  
The reporting instructions for template S.04.05 should be read in conjunction with the reporting instructions for 
S.04.03 and S.04.04. Across these three templates, entities shall report all business from two distinct perspectives: 
location of underwriting and location of risk. Template S.04.05 focuses on the location of risk.  
For the purposes of this template and in the case of direct insurance, the ‘country in which the risk is situated’ means:  
a) the country in which the property is situated, where the insurance relates either to buildings or to buildings and their 
contents, in so far as the contents are covered by the same insurance policy;  
b) the country of registration, where the insurance relates to vehicles of any type;  
c) the country where the policy holder took out the policy in the case of policies of a duration of four months or less 
covering travel or holiday risks, whatever the class concerned;  
d) the country in which the credit/receivable is situated, where the insurance relates to credit/receivables;  
e) in all cases not explicitly covered by points (a), (b), (c) or (d), the country in which either of the following is situated : 
i. the habitual residence of the policy holder; or  
ii. if the policy holder is a legal person, that policy holder’s establishment to which the contract relates.  
For the purposes of this template and in the case of proportional or non-proportional reinsurance, the ‘country in which 
the risk is situated’ means the country of localisation of the ceding undertaking.  
Undertakings shall report on a country-by-country basis for at least 95 % of gross written premium. All business shall 
be reported, however, any residual business over the 95 % threshold may be grouped as ‘other countries’.  
Insurance and reinsurance undertakings shall report written/earned premiums as defined in Article 1(11) and (12) of 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/35 regardless whether local GAAP or IFRS is used.  
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
Total underwriting entity activity  
Z0010  Line of Business  Identification of the line of business as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35, reported. The following closed list shall be used: 
1 – Medical expense insurance 
2 – Income protection insurance 
3 – Workers’ compensation insurance 
4 – Motor vehicle liability insurance 
5 – Other motor insurance 
6 – Marine, aviation and transport insurance 
7 – Fire and other damage to property insurance 
8 – General liability insurance 
9 – Credit and suretyship insuranceEN  L 120/648 Official Journal of the European Union 5.5.2023