 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0430/R1970  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation – Total 
Subsidence after diversification  This is the total capital requirement before risk mitigation for subsidence risk, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect given in item C0430/R1960.  
C0440/R1950  Estimated Risk Mitigation – 
Total Subsidence before diver ­
sification  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the undertaking ’s specific reinsurance 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril, excluding the 
estimated reinstatement premiums.  
C0450/R1950  Estimated Reinstatement 
Premiums – Total Subsidence 
before diversification  The estimated reinstatement premiums as a result of the undertaking’s specific 
reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this peril.  
C0460/R1950  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Subsidence before diversifi ­
cation  Capital requirement, after the deduction of the risk mitigating effect of the under ­
taking’s specific reinsurance contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to this 
peril, arising from subsidence.  
C0460/R1960  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Diversifi ­
cation effect between zones  Diversification effect arising from the aggregation of the capital requirement after 
risk mitigations for Subsidence risks relating to the different zones of the territory 
of France.  
C0460/R1970  Catastrophe Risk Charge after 
risk mitigation – Total 
Subsidence after diversification  This is the total capital requirement after risk mitigation for subsidence risk, 
taking into consideration the diversification effect given in item C0460/R1960.  
Natural catas ­
trophe risk – 
Non–propor ­
tional property 
reinsurance  
C0470/R2000  Estimation of the gross 
premium to be earned  An estimate of the premiums to be earned, by the insurance or reinsurance 
undertaking, during the following year, for the contract in relation to the 
obligations of the line of business, as defined in Annex I to Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/35, non–proportional property reinsurance other than non–propor ­
tional reinsurance obligations relating to insurance obligations included in lines 
of business 9 and 21. 
Premiums shall be gross, without deduction of premiums for reinsurance 
contracts.  
C0480/R2000  Catastrophe Risk Charge 
before risk mitigation  The capital requirement before risk mitigation for non–proportional property 
reinsurance. It is the amount of the instantaneous loss, without deduction of 
the amounts recoverable from reinsurance contracts and Special Purpose Vehicles.  
C0490/R2000  Estimated Risk Mitigation  The estimated risk mitigation effect of the undertaking ’s specific retrocession 
contracts and special purpose vehicles relating to risks arising from accepted 
non–proportional property reinsurance, excluding the estimated reinstatement 
premiums.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1009