 
CODE  ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0410/R1960- 
R1990  Gross Annual Premium – 
Reinsurance  The insurance or reinsurance undertaking is expected to split their gross annual 
written premium for reinsurance by geographical region. Geographical regions to 
be used are Europe, North America and Rest of World. Any unallocated premium 
should be put in the Unallocated bucket.  
C0420/R1960- 
R1990  Total Sum Insured – 
Reinsurance  The insurance or reinsurance undertaking is expected to split their total sum 
insured for reinsurance by geographical region. Geographical regions to be used 
are Europe, North America and Rest of World. Any unallocated premium should 
be put in the Unallocated bucket.  
SPLIT OF PREMIUM INCOME  
C0430/R2000  Direct insurance  Premium income (gross allocated written premium forecasted for the next 12 
months as used in the model) for the insurance or reinsurance undertaking 
direct business.  
C0430/R2010  Reinsurance  Premium income (gross allocated written premium forecasted for the next 12 
months as used in the model) for the insurance or reinsurance undertaking 
reinsurance business.  
C0430/R2020  Retrocession  Premium income (gross allocated written premium forecasted for the next 12 
months as used in the model) for the insurance or reinsurance undertaking retro ­
cession.  
SIGNIFICANT OTHER PERILS  
C0440/R2030  Significant other perils  The insurance or reinsurance undertaking should here indicate if their business 
contains other significant perils not included in the NatCat or Man-made perils 
above with a Yes, otherwise this cell should contain a No.  
C0440/R2040  Description of other perils  If the above cell is Yes, the insurance or reinsurance undertaking should provide 
here a text description of those other significant peril(s).  
CATASTROPHE SCR AGGREGATION – Reported net of reinsurance  
C0450/R2050  Total undiversified NatCat risk  Sum of separate SCR for all NatCat risk perils.  
C0450/R2060  Diversification between NatCat 
perils  Diversification effect on SCR between NatCat perils. Calculated as SCR for NatCat 
risk perils – Sum of separate SCR for all NatCat risk perils.  
C0450/R2070  Total undiversified man-made 
risk  Sum of SCR for all Man-made risk perils.  
C0450/R2080  Diversification between man- 
made perils  Diversification effect on SCR between Man-made perils. Calculated as SCR for 
Man-made risk perils – Sum of separate SCR for all Man-made risk perils.  
C0450/R2090  Other non-life catastrophe risk  SCR for other non-life Catastrophe risk.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/977