 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
C0040/R0170  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Any other 
liabilities  Report the total value of any other liabilities for remaining currencies that are not 
reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0170) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0170).  
C0050/R0170  Value of material 
currencies – Any other 
liabilities  Report the value of any other liabilities for each of the currencies required to be 
reported separately.  
C0020/R0200  Total value of all 
currencies – Total liabil ­
ities  Report the total value of the total liabilities for all currencies.  
C0030/R0200  Value of the reporting 
currency – Total liabil ­
ities  Report the value of total liabilities for the reporting currency.  
C0040/R0200  Value of remaining other 
currencies – Total liabil ­
ities  Report the total value of total liabilities for the remaining currencies that are not 
reported by currency. 
This means that this cell excludes the amount reported in the reporting currency 
(C0030/R0200) and in the currencies reported by currency (C0050/R0200).  
C0050/R0200  Value of material 
currencies – Total liabil ­
ities  Report the value of total liabilities for each of the currency required to be reported 
separately.  
S.03.01 – Off–balance sheet items – General  
General comments:  
This section relates to the annual submission of information for groups.  
This template shall include the information referring to off–balance sheet items and the maximum and solvency II value 
of contingent liabilities in Solvency II balance sheet also. As regards the Solvency II value, the instructions define the 
items from a recognition perspective. Valuation principles are laid down in Directive 2009/138/EC, Delegated Regu ­
lation (EU) 2015/35, Solvency II Technical Standards and Guidelines.  
A pool of assets that secure an investment (e.g. the pool of assets that are a collateral for covered bonds) shall not be 
reported in this template.  
Guarantee require the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs if a specified debtor 
fails to make payment when due under the original or modified terms of a debt instrument. These guarantees can have 
various legal forms, such as financial guarantees, letters of credit, credit default contracts. These items shall not include 
guarantees stemming from insurance contracts, which are recognised in technical provisions.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/1157