 
ITEM  INSTRUCTIONS  
One of the options shall be used: 
— ISO 3166–1 alpha–2 code 
— XA: Supranational issuers 
— EU: European Union Institutions  
C0240  Currency  Identify the ISO 4217 alphabetic code of the currency of the issue. 
The following shall be considered: 
— This item is not applicable for CIC category 8 – Mortgages and Loans (for 
mortgages and loans to natural persons, as those assets are not required to be 
individualised), CIC 75 and for CIC 95 – Plant and equipment (for own use) 
for the same reason. 
— Regarding CIC category 9, excluding CIC 95 – Plant and equipment (for own 
use), the currency corresponds to the currency in which the investment was 
made.  
C0250  CIC  Complementary Identification Code used to classify assets, as set out in Annex VI 
– CIC table of this Regulation. When classifying an asset using the CIC table, 
undertakings shall take into consideration the most representative risk to which 
the asset is exposed to.  
C0260  Unit price  Unit price of the asset, if relevant. 
This item shall not be reported if item Unit percentage of par amount Solvency II 
price (C0270) is reported.  
C0270  Unit percentage of par amount 
Solvency II price  Amount in percentage of par value, clean price without accrued interest, for the 
asset, if relevant. 
This item shall be reported if a ‘par amount’ information (C0100) has been 
provided in the first part of the template (‘Information on positions held’) 
except for CIC category 71 and 9. 
This item shall not be reported if item Unit Solvency II price (C0260) is reported.  
C0280  Maturity date  Only applicable for CIC categories 1, 2, 5, 6 and 8, and CIC 74 and CIC 79. 
Identify the ISO 8601 (yyyy–mm–dd) code of the maturity date. 
Corresponds always to the maturity date, even for callable securities. The 
following shall be considered: 
— For perpetual securities use ‘9999–12–31’ 
— For CIC category 8, regarding loans and mortgages to individuals, the 
weighted (based on the loan amount) remaining maturity is to be reported.  
S.12.01 – Life and Health SLT Technical Provisions  
General comments:  
This section relates to quarterly and annual submission of information for individual entities, ring fenced–funds, 
matching adjustment portfolios and remaining part.EN  5.5.2023 Official Journal of the European Union L 120/707